Wazir: hey.
Wazir: I pay some attention to the boats selling in and out.
Wazir: Asked around and nobody had seen this one come in or out, but yet it was gone when I went to work for it again an odd boat made me wonder.
Wazir: But.
Wazir: Medina.
Wazir: medina's mentioned in this scroll.
Ryu: What does the scroll say, are we able to decipher it was here.
Wazir: yeah I said I said you haven't actually read it.
Tim Sackton: You think we send you a copy of years ago it's in your email.
Ryu: I don't get an email, and my cave.
Trok: yeah.
Wazir: Right, I mean i'm.
Wazir: Real.
Wazir: busy or sent a letter to review and talk.
Wazir: With the scroll that's why you're here is because I sent you a letter that said come I figured i've decided, with the scroll there's so much to discuss.
Ryu: Right right, so you haven't told us what that what it says.
Wazir: I included a copy of the scroll and the letter.
Ryu: I didn't read it.
Trok: Is not it not much for.
Trok: You know.
Trok: i'm academia.
Ryu: Try to either did you.
Trok: I well I I sniffed at it, I chewed it a little bit.
Ryu: But it was solid years a little treat up, I thought you might have been a little bit.
Ryu: yeah was here.
Wazir: anyways anyways.
Wazir: yeah what is this the scroll is a is a story I think of somebody.
Wazir: Trying to bring back his dead wife, perhaps.
Trok: Although I did I did you on that part actually.
Trok: It was better than.
You would.
Wazir: Although exactly.
Wazir: I think God says involved in some fashion.
Wazir: And what he thinks what this scroll author thinks he can do is is not clear, but the story starts with.
Wazir: Clearly him speaking to his dead wife Nadine.
Wazir: And some.
Wazir: Some sense that this scroll author had that with the right magic he could he could rescue this woman.
Wazir: And it didn't didn't work at first.
Wazir: But he somehow.
Wazir: He describes one of his subject experiments give some substance to a poor soul, who then becomes lost in his own mind endlessly talking to his dead daughter.
Wazir: That sounds like gots it.
Trok: And then.
Wazir: Some know he's died with water pouring out of his mouth which doesn't sound like god's though maybe you would know more.
Trok: TIM, is that a gotcha thing.
Trok: You ever to cough up some sea water.
Tim Sackton: No, no.
Trok: Is there lizard folklore about resurrection.
Tim Sackton: So I mean there is Laura about resurrection and in many cultures um.
Tim Sackton: it's it's rare it requires strong magic I mean well there's so so the you know.
Tim Sackton: If you can, if somebody has died like you know within the past few minutes right it's much easier their their.
Tim Sackton: mind has not faded from the plane of consciousness, yet, and so, so that magic is more common, but once they once they their soul has left.
Tim Sackton: For elsewhere right anybody who dies goes initially to the land of the dead before they go to wherever their final resting places.
Tim Sackton: Okay, and there is stories of magic that can reach people.
Tim Sackton: You know, while their souls are still journeying in the land of the dead.
Tim Sackton: it's not it's not common it requires you know it's it's it's more pot, you know somebody would have to be more powerful than you in order to be able to do that.
Tim Sackton: But it's you know there's definitely stories in the past of like some great lizard folk warrior who was resurrected.
Tim Sackton: You know, a week after they die to fight and more battles or something.
Trok: And that's it's not like just a allegory for the birth of a new great warrior or something.
Tim Sackton: No like there is actually I mean.
Tim Sackton: Yes, there is actual the actual possibility of somebody returning from from the land of the dead before their soul has drifted on to wherever they go after the land of the dead.
Tim Sackton: um.
Tim Sackton: You know you're you've heard enough that you're confident that that does actually happen it's just difficult and rare.
Trok: And the land of the dead is not where i'm trying to talk to with God say it's the beyond.
yeah.
Tim Sackton: yeah it's the Left never entirely clear where God takes you are what you see visions of but it's.
Tim Sackton: An end it's not always the same thing right, oh no it's not like you don't see it's not like you take dots and go to some place that's always the same place right, you have different visions and different experiences depending on all sorts of things like when you take.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: So you're you're never really sure like are you going somewhere, are you opening up are you.
Trok: that's why truck is always ranting about set and setting.
Tim Sackton: Like it's just not it's it's completely okay so maybe you are seeing a window into the land of the dad maybe you're seeing stories, I mean the one thing that is the sort of general myth about the land of the dead is nobody spends that long.
Tim Sackton: Like it's a transition Aires.
Tim Sackton: State you you journey through the land of the dead to get so So if you are listening to somebody has been dead, for your hearing the voice of somebody who's been dead, for two years.
Tim Sackton: they've got to be somewhere else right.
Ryu: Some of your tattoos related to like god's art, it must be all gods are like you know artists that are on Gaza that then like create crazy like you know paintings and shit like that.
Trok: I mean there was interesting, I think that they are all.
Trok: Local wildlife representations.
So, like.
Trok: On my chest, there is a giant seabird.
Ryu: Alec psychedelic seabirds they're just real seniors.
Trok: um there's totally abstracted.
Trok: there's like it's like.
Trok: swirling patterns.
Wazir: So anyway, this um.
Wazir: This.
Wazir: scroll writer keeps trying right he says.
Wazir: there's something missing and heaps whatever he's doing these poor souls choke and die on the water that he's feeding them, but it seems like he's praying on the guts out there's got it there's some connection here right and and.
Trok: I got some some bad gotcha.
Wazir: yeah but then he says he's fled.
Trok: gotta look out for that you know.
Wazir: wherever he was he flees.
Wazir: And he has a clue.
Wazir: That he chases after a name area in the midst speaker.
Wazir: Who as far as I can.
Wazir: discover was a an ancient.
Wazir: wizard and and.
Wazir: made from this these parts.
Wazir: With before the Great War kind of around the time of the great war.
Wazir: and
Wazir: He fought against Jamaat in the Great War and was known for leading elemental is into battle.
Wazir: And supposedly had a flying castle.
Ryu: doesn't.
Trok: yeah.
Wazir: And he spent quite a bit of time, I recall from my time uncharted that he was known as the inventor of a spell called frost fingers and he seems to have quite a connection to the elements of ice and air and missed and water.
Trok: What can you do with those frost fingers.
Wazir: The spell does.
Tim Sackton: fit that's burning hands but ice.
Tim Sackton: But called damage, you can you can get you can freeze people.
Trok: yeah could be useful for preserving.
Trok: overlarge ketchup sardines.
Wazir: I think it would be.
Wazir: slightly too powerful for such things.
Wazir: It it the cold is overwhelming and.
Wazir: damages the Flash quite significantly.
Wazir: But.
Wazir: Anyway, this this scroll writer chases after area in the midst speaker up to the foothill up to the caves at the source of the soul quad, which is the the main river that runs to this peninsula.
Wazir: that's a.
Wazir: Strange area.
Wazir: I was there.
Wazir: For some time in my was there as part of an expedition in my youth.
Wazir: And that.
Wazir: That place was a.
Wazir: it's not normal.
Trok: What was your expeditions purpose was here.
Wazir: Have you heard the story of.
Wazir: The dragon oh man, I need to get dragon.
Wazir: dragon names to tell you need to give me a dragon.
Tim Sackton: i'm working on that.
Wazir: Have you heard the story of the dragon to be named later.
Kaleho: Oh no that dragon.
yeah.
Trok: At this at this moment.
Trok: staff member comes over with a wide shallow wooden bowl of steaming stinking.
Trok: seafood in the light broth.
Trok: And truck kind of grunts tix this entire muzzle into it and.
Trok: they're always overcooked this stuff.
Wazir: In my youth, there was a great curse that spread over the land, you may have heard stories, although I think it was before, and if your time the whole river froze for months.
Wazir: And the salmon fisheries were destroyed and many people fled to the coasts from the River Valley.
Wazir: Several expeditions when looking for what could be causing this disruption to the natural course of the of the.
Wazir: Of the land and.
Wazir: me.
Wazir: I was, I was a wayward use at the time.
Wazir: Following after my cousin was really chasing my cousin away from the gods more than anything else, and so we went up forever because that was far away from the ocean it's harder to find.
Wazir: And we actually found an expedition from Jordan that was.
Wazir: hunting after they said.
Tim Sackton: three.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, but didn't mean to interrupt you.
Wazir: That was hunting after.
Wazir: three great sorcerers and then source old dragon.
Wazir: them.
Tim Sackton: that's your cue for the name of the day, yes, I am.
Tim Sackton: I am God.
Wazir: I have guys like and three sorcerers and this and sources dragon if.
Wazir: They were.
Wazir: The source that we found them, although if it weren't for these.
Wazir: char donations, who were hunting these sorcerers I think our entire expedition would have been.
Wazir: wiped to the ground with their magic it was not.
Wazir: It was a battle, unlike anything i've ever seen for.
Wazir: Some in the chart odeon summoned these massive elemental and the dragon and the sorcerer's that were controlling it fought back with.
Wazir: rocks falling from the sky and giant claws coming from the earth and.
Wazir: All I could do to to.
Wazir: Frankly, stay out of the way and.
Wazir: not be destroyed by this this power of these powerful magic's.
Trok: I was like this.
Wazir: I never quite understood what the.
Wazir: What was what was with the sorcerer's were after but the weather up there, and the and the, and the.
Wazir: The environment there's a there was an ice volcano that would erupt not with lava but with giant chunks of ice.
Wazir: There is that at the at the foothills of at the mouth of the saltwater.
Tim Sackton: right here.
Really.
Wazir: there's a there was a lake that supposedly has no bottom.
Wazir: A river of mists flowing through the air just.
Wazir: streaming down the mountain.
Trok: lake with no bottom that's when they're it.
Wazir: It seems like the element, the elemental planes leak through there, the one of the char donations told me that they.
Wazir: ventured from there to the elemental plane of water.
Wazir: And that perhaps the dragon was.
Wazir: That the dragon and the sorcerer's we're trying to find a way to gain the power of one of the elemental planes.
Ryu: And i've definitely been to that lake at the base of that mountain.
Trok: Man what you're talking about.
Ryu: I think two summers ago we went we went out did on that lake.
Ryu: Once we did some deep diving down there.
Trok: Oh yeah I beat you at that.
Ryu: You think you bb because you were a high, but.
Trok: You add them to my friend.
Trok: Now I pointed this story was there i'm sure was mentioned at the beginning, your cousin.
Trok: So did you get the guts.
Trok: He said because it's in god's.
Wazir: My cousin my cousin was lost to it at the time.
Wazir: We went up river to get away from it.
Wazir: I think the excitement of the expedition.
Wazir: changed his attitude.
Wazir: Although he.
Wazir: died some years after.
Wazir: I followed I followed these three wizards these these charts aliens back to chart and.
Wazir: I spent many years there, as you know.
Wazir: My cousin mark what he.
Wazir: While he was dead when I came back not sure to what end was never very close to him after that summer.
Wazir: think it was a fishing accident, although i've never.
Wazir: Really learned if there was more to the story.
sorry to hear that.
Ryu: And you think all of that has something to do with the.
Ryu: scroll.
Wazir: The scroll writer here says that they went to this place hunting after legends of alien the miss.
Wazir: and searched for the source of the soul quiet and.
Wazir: I think.
Wazir: must have found it found something there.
Wazir: Because he writes.
Wazir: To find it in the scroll what is the right where's the thing about the ring.
Ryu: So this is an awesome looking scroll, by the way.
Wazir: That was me.
Tim Sackton: Mike Mike is the one who turned it into that I just wrote all the text.
Ryu: Mike coming through with that.
Trok: yeah yeah I mean 30 years ago would have been like.
Tim Sackton: A little cough on a piece of paper.
Wazir: yeah exactly yeah.
Trok: later.
Wazir: I just googled word scroll template and then found one stuck in a way.
Wazir: He described right and found a ring.
Wazir: founder ring that summoned I think the The genie the water creature that you saw a halo the messa its name, which is an aqua name it's a name of the plane of the creature of water.
Wazir: And he summoned one of these creatures and bound it fill his domain.
Wazir: I think, using a ring he found at the mouth of the soul quad that used to be airlines some ring of water summoning what our control.
Trok: Now what's i'm going to do with his dead wife.
Wazir: While he sent.
Wazir: This creature.
Wazir: This summon during the summons creature that he created right to go West through the ocean and get the substance, he calls it.
Wazir: Your way it.
Wazir: is not a word I now.
Wazir: But.
Wazir: In primordial the language of the elemental it's a blend of the word for living.
Wazir: And the word for water with a prefix that means from or with so you where it is from the living water, the living water with the wind and water.
Wazir: I think perhaps.
Wazir: The vial.
Wazir: or something like it.
Wazir: And this this your way, it is the substance that he that he sent one of these creatures defined.
Wazir: Work he says, at the end.
Wazir: It worked somehow.
Wazir: To.
Wazir: recreate he says, the poor babbling creature lives all those she speaks give jibberish most of the time and water seems to work for every moment.
Wazir: And then he says, these failures will obey me so he's created something with this Wednesday that's obeying his commands.
Trok: doesn't sound good.
Ryu: Anyway, to find out what he was writing to this fun what all these events occurred yeah well this role is.
Wazir: it's a good question.
Wazir: wow when co helo when did you see this, this is a month ago.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Ryu: The scroll look old.
Tim Sackton: not particularly I mean it's it's a series of entries right, and you can tell that.
Tim Sackton: First ones were written longer ago the.
Tim Sackton: most recent one is.
Tim Sackton: Pretty recent.
Ryu: Are they dated.
Tim Sackton: they're not dated they're numbered.
Kaleho: As coho have any.
Kaleho: Does this story ring a bell for him for any of the things he has encountered as he's traveled through the up and down the coast for is like you know the past 10 years.
Tim Sackton: um.
Tim Sackton: So let's see I mean you would have you would have heard stories of this area in the midst speaker, similar to what was here has heard right, you know.
Tim Sackton: Basically, this this guy was like a legendary wizard from a few hundred years ago, who was obsessed with the elements, particularly like water and air.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: But you know you've mostly been you know out at sea right you haven't been tromping through the mountains.
True.
Tim Sackton: I mean the description of the you know.
Tim Sackton: So you know creature, obviously the creature method is not described, but like the timeline fits and he does say in the writer of the scroll does say that he was staying in the small town of.
Tim Sackton: madden.
Tim Sackton: Where you.
Wazir: weren't even said.
Wazir: It came to him and he came to him Mari having what he says, having made a sacrifice to guys oka cousin.
Wazir: cousin cousin color to guarantee his transportation.
Wazir: So perhaps some.
Wazir: Some.
Wazir: magic right.
Wazir: And then he says he's in Hungary.
Wazir: And the master brought him something in Hungary.
Wazir: which I think must have been recently right, I think this must be what you saw.
Wazir: right that the summoning within medland.
Wazir: And then.
Wazir: use our this creature summit, and then you saw this chrome writer, I think, come we've medland and.
Wazir: come here.
Kaleho: She the vision, I saw was humanoid and butt off for arms.
Kaleho: Unfortunately I didn't see who's on the boat.
Kaleho: But this does seem to fit.
Wazir: So.
Wazir: I think we must try to find what happened.
Wazir: How did this scroll get put in the case.
Kaleho: Why did it go.
Tim Sackton: So there were stairs going up from the sea cave that you're in that lead to a ruined an abandoned watchers tower above the cave.
Tim Sackton: Well, presumably abandoned.
Ryu: So you know Rio and tracker probably know it all of those towers, like every single one of those towers, they would like be very familiar.
Ryu: yeah so what's the history of that that particular one is that has there been any activity in there is it like something that we would be like surprised to know that this the sea chess was there, or would we be like you know.
Tim Sackton: So.
Ryu: This was kind of a while.
Tim Sackton: yeah many of these Towers on that, especially on that part of the on the sort of North cliff here um many of them have these kinds of see caves underneath, this is a that that those cliffs are like a sort of.
Tim Sackton: cave written limestone cliffs and so it's not it wouldn't be that unusual um.
Tim Sackton: And like almost all of the towers over there are abandoned the ones that are still active the ones that people still live in and watch from are the ones closer to town right there in the towers district there's basically you know years there's um.
Tim Sackton: there's trucks there's you know there's a handful of other sort of various outcasts and loners who live there, but, but this particular tower yeah has been abandoned for a while and.
Ryu: How do you make points on the map just.
Tim Sackton: Just a long click hold down your yeah.
Ryu: So, like see the green right there.
Ryu: This is this is like where re is.
Ryu: yep caves are like over here.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Ryu: You know, a bunch of different ones over here and worse worse tropper you really kind of over here.
Trok: same area yeah.
Okay.
Trok: Facing into the harbor.
Ryu: Right nice a bat.
Tim Sackton: So there's I mean we never decided exactly where what I mean it was a sort of era it's doesn't exactly match at all, I would say it's kind of on the North.
Tim Sackton: North face of the.
Tim Sackton: Of this little like limestone shock peninsula that sticks out.
Tim Sackton: But it's not I mean.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Tim Sackton: I think you, you know you know, everybody who lives there there's nobody who lives here regularly it's been abandoned for some time.
Tim Sackton: I don't think you would necessarily know, like the history of each of these towers, but dating back to before you were born.
Ryu: No, no we're just like like a you know if the chest was left there the research it later.
Tim Sackton: You never searched the tower.
Ryu: You probably would have.
Ryu: In the time like you know you're asking like what we did over the past 10 days you probably would have gone and checked it out, especially with this like tracking I probably would have gone and looked at it on if we want to look.
Trok: At it like.
Ryu: Does that does was the chest like does it do look lived in it'll look like there was stuff there.
Tim Sackton: Ah yes so.
Tim Sackton: let's see um.
Tim Sackton: Well, actually why don't you make.
Tim Sackton: A perception check.
Tim Sackton: But.
Ryu: We can also go to search it now, we can say that we didn't search it yet, for whatever reason, because we got high.
Ryu: I don't watch the tower.
Trok: Then we got so lucky, the advantage on perception.
Trok: Being higher definitely then it's yeah.
Tim Sackton: definite disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: um let's say.
Tim Sackton: let's say you poked around, and you, you didn't search it super care, I mean you've realized that it was um.
Tim Sackton: You know you realize that it was not a.
Tim Sackton: You know it's been lived in clearly like and about it.
Tim Sackton: um.
Tim Sackton: You know there's like signs of relatively recent occupation clearly clearly somebody who's trying to you know, keep.
Tim Sackton: Quiet right so like somebody trying to cover their travel and stuff like probably mostly going in and out via the um the other see cave although there was no boat um.
Tim Sackton: You know it's.
Tim Sackton: And you, you also actually can you both truck and review make charisma saving throws.
Trok: what's this for them.
Tim Sackton: just for fun.
Trok: i'm like it's fun i'm like super charismatic.
Trok: Right 16 of this goodness.
Trok: i've i've eaten so i'm more charismatic.
Tim Sackton: So, so when you when you went to search it you like sort of looked around the exterior you, you know you were checking it out, but not um.
Tim Sackton: You know clearly signs that it was lived in like that you know, there was like a bit of a refuse he there was um you know somebody had been eating fish and tossing the bones around things like that um.
Tim Sackton: And you sort of poked your your head in and and.
Tim Sackton: Re you when you when you stepped in you didn't see the interior of a cave I mean you can see the interior for tower you felt like you're stepping into.
Tim Sackton: A massive expanse of endless ocean, just like not even knows no surface even just like the ocean going all the way up to the top of the Tower like even beyond the top of the Tower no light, you know.
Tim Sackton: The occasional like giant you know off in the distance you could see like this incredibly giant matt of kelp just kind of growing out of a floating island that was drifting away from you with some sharks that must have been three times as big as you are circling around that.
Tim Sackton: um.
Trok: When you.
Tim Sackton: You know you look and then you step back in the Tower look look that looked real and when you stuck your head in again you couldn't.
Tim Sackton: You couldn't recreate that image.
Tim Sackton: But for like a few minutes as you stepped in you were just lost in this for for a minute like you felt like you couldn't breathe and then you remembered you actually don't need to breathe, so it wasn't an issue um you're just lost in this endless expanse um.
Ryu: When we were fighting in that cave earlier was you're also like had a some kind of crazy, who was an issue did he not.
Tim Sackton: yep.
Ryu: yep all right.
Tim Sackton: But after that you sort of you know, backed away and.
Ryu: recover my other than.
Tim Sackton: Other than noting that it was it had been lived in recently and this weird experience um you know you can go back investigated in more detail in the morning, if you were to like do a really thorough search.
Ryu: yeah thorough search should be good.
Kaleho: Oh whoa kind of like ask the Group.
Kaleho: There are many caves and Towers on the coast, do we have any idea why this town on this area.
Wazir: The scroll says something about the distance between the planes.
Wazir: don't know what that means.
Trok: distance between the plane.
Ryu: I only see the scroll again I don't know it just disappeared for me.
Wazir: I sent it to you an email.
Ryu: All that's why it's a PDF.
Ryu: yeah roll plenty okay that that's some stupid there it is.
Trok: cannot hear me until I was no one days have passed.
Wazir: hmm.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: it's getting late in the evening now after this conversation.
Tim Sackton: and catching up an engineer in the introductions obviously you're not going to go well, maybe you are going to go search the tower in the middle of the night.
Tim Sackton: i'm.
Ryu: Waiting truck.
Trok: I don't know man.
Trok: Come on a fish, today, we could do more than.
Ryu: boys, give me.
Ryu: So we hope you're you're in town to to because he saw what what brings you to town.
Kaleho: there's a glint in his eyes, not unlike what truck gets in his eyes when he thinks about his recreational chemicals and.
Kaleho: I want to know more about Morocco.
Kaleho: And I think this could be connected to them.
Kaleho: Why, so much so much in the.
Kaleho: Years ago, I was just a sailor.
Kaleho: I was on the night watch and.
Kaleho: I saw the most beautiful.
Kaleho: thing I saw more folk in the water floating and moving and dancing and I tried to like my friend and they were gone and that moment changed me and there's so much more to the ocean and.
Kaleho: This area, but we don't see it and it gets obscured and hidden i'm trying to understand that.
Ryu: You fall in love with the Mirko.
Kaleho: I fall in love with the idea of them it's taken me all across this land.
Ryu: wow you should have been here last week.
Kaleho: I know.
Kaleho: How did it feel to see them and talk with them and.
Wazir: They were.
Trok: They had a real weird boat.
Trok: You know.
yeah.
Trok: They were in trouble, so we try to help them out didn't really get to you know spend a lot of time.
Tim Sackton: Just as a reminder part of the idea here is if there's any like npc as you want and might have information you want to ask like just make them up, or possibly all have already made one up so just ask if you know anybody who knows acts like.
Tim Sackton: Part of the part of the idea of this is like to just like populate the town with people so like.
Tim Sackton: Right, you can sort of make up you know your contacts and things like that, as.
Tim Sackton: As a designer.
Wazir: Did you get a good one cow let this person.
Wazir: Could you.
Wazir: just give them.
Kaleho: The thing the unnatural.
Wazir: Not the unnatural thing now the human, who went a few days later.
Kaleho: No.
Kaleho: All I saw was, I was in town i'm listening looking trying to figure out there's anything on anything else after I saw the the creature.
Kaleho: I saw nothing except one night late at night, I saw a single person boat with a unsettling glow like the creature selling fast.
Kaleho: Whoever this person is they can move easily among people unseen or they blend in, and no one notices them I think it's almost like the boat, they could be like the boat, where the I just passes over it, or the.
Kaleho: Right there's something about it.
Kaleho: Any unnatural things, though.
Wazir: So not.
Wazir: Okay, so not we don't know what they look like, I would like to try to find me, I think I might reach out to a few people.
Wazir: See if anybody's.
Wazir: Seen.
Wazir: or heard of.
Wazir: You come at a town it shouldn't be impossible to find a newcomer the town is not.
Wazir: infinitely large, but perhaps.
Ryu: Well, if you go into that tower there isn't infinite ocean in there, so you're not totally correct.
Kaleho: Are there Doc masters people for the keep track of tariffs in any other folks that may.
Wazir: there's a few.
Wazir: Sophie.
Wazir: One woman, I now she's.
Wazir: I think she would say she she's she's known as the Queen of ships, she she builds many of the she's a shipbuilder and she owns the dock near here near where the Leviathan, is the north Doc.
Wazir: she's a.
Wazir: should know what docs here, no, no, the boats.
Wazir: I grew up near her, she doesn't usually see the riffraff but.
Wazir: I might reach out to her.
Ryu: You know truck we should talk to Jason as well he's the.
Ryu: That kind of sneaky fellow that's always hanging out by the towers, you would know is if if anybody's in that building that North tower, you would know he would almost certainly seen somebody if they're living in there for the past couple weeks.
Trok: I thought I might check with my buddy order speaking of riffraff.
Trok: You know, he lives down on the beach, but not much escapes his new this.
Wazir: wisdom I don't have contacts here but.
Wazir: This scroll author seems.
Wazir: interested in the guts auto addled.
Ryu: To God, so what.
Wazir: The gap got to adults, those who have taken too much.
Wazir: With any of you know, maybe i'm not implying course.
Wazir: truck that your troubles overtake you but.
Wazir: I know a few people in in the drowned find out, I do know a few people in the drowned flats, I can ask if.
Wazir: If they've seen anybody go missing.
Wazir: But I don't know if you would know any.
Wazir: buddy who might.
Wazir: Somebody came to town looking to find gazza where would they go.
Tim Sackton: Where do you do you, you make your own I mean you're you would probably know the process right because you grew up around that.
Tim Sackton: Are you a homegrown gazza or do you have a supplier somewhere.
Trok: I think i'm the source.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So that I think that, I mean that makes sense.
Trok: So origin will like.
Trok: stumble up to my tower, you know as the sun sets.
Trok: While i'm stoking the fires to distill some stinky fish livers.
Ryu: Now I kind of conceive of truck is like you know.
Ryu: kind of like the ultimate stoner but for Gaza like grows his own we like knows everything about the different strains like has a very specific like you distill it this way to get this type of a flavoring and this type of way to get it to start with this way.
Trok: Like a tower like not a lot of people.
Trok: want to come there, except for that reason, because it smells really bad.
Trok: And the inside it's like a whole network of chambers, with different like.
Trok: airflow and humidity levels so different like curing processes can happen appropriately.
Trok: And the smoke wafting up.
Trok: On this nights.
Ryu: And then, then you know reuse getting all these weird crazy fish so it's like depending on the ones you're always like on the lookout for certain types of fish that real like trying to hunt for you, he gets done.
Trok: Oh yeah.
Wazir: We can also go ask around.
Wazir: On the north Doc at the stormy maiden maybe somebody saw somebody that's i'm.
Wazir: A less refined establish establishment then violin but it's out on the dock near where the boat would have come through.
Ryu: This is a refined establishment.
The horse.
Wazir: Note the brandy, and the berries.
Ryu: place was.
Kaleho: chuckles and thinking of all the many worst places, he is drink and spit an item.
Wazir: We do folks.
Ryu: Let anybody in here.
Wazir: track has special dispensation you wouldn't normally wet of it.
Ryu: Really crosses like his boots up onto the table in front of truck.
Trok: You know I I attract the finest clientele you know you're lucky to have me get some culture in here.
Kaleho: Were there when you guys search the Tower were there any goods like manufactured goods or things that could have been bought in the town from a merchant.
Kaleho: Or the fish bones and.
Tim Sackton: I think they didn't search the Tower inside the Tower very closely because of.
Tim Sackton: Reuse weird experience it was more like signs of people are of at least one person coming and going from the outside, so so that could be on your list of things to do.
Wazir: I think in the morning, other than reaching out to all these various people.
Wazir: searching the Tower might be a.
Wazir: good idea and perhaps the first thing we do, and perhaps something to do with a group if there's some strange magic's they're.
Ryu: All they're definitely strange metrics that are you and I both know that was here.
Is anything.
Ryu: All right, minutes tower in the morning.
Wazir: I think that's perhaps.
Wazir: The best next step and then we'll see what we can learn.
Ryu: Monday was here, what else wasn't that just.
Wazir: Nothing just that the wow the vial of the ocean, that the.
Wazir: folks at home.
Tim Sackton: And there was a silver amulet that was designed that was like a whirlpool with like like three tentacles of an octopus coming out of the world.
Wazir: Was that magic.
No.
Tim Sackton: It was wrapped around the school.
Wazir: should make a drawing of that.
Wazir: Maybe show it around a bit.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: Anything else before you rest and head out in the morning.
Trok: Hello my man, you want to.
Trok: Have a spiritual experience tonight.
Kaleho: During CES brandy and nods his head now.
Trok: Your loss.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: The next morning you awake.
Tim Sackton: various States of.
Tim Sackton: going over ness.
Tim Sackton: And and meet at the at the outside of this Tower.
Tim Sackton: So this is one of the.
Tim Sackton: um I would say dozen or so maybe maybe more maybe almost two dozen towers that dot that the.
Tim Sackton: The coastline, the sort of cliff edge on this on this peninsula, the spirit of land that sticks out from the MIC the cliffs of the mainland forming the sheltered harbor.
Kaleho: Are we north of the.
Tim Sackton: yeah so you're here.
Kaleho: got it okay.
Tim Sackton: And and have the maybe you know.
Tim Sackton: Say maybe 15 to 20 towers i'm only like eight or nine of them are still standing a number of them.
Tim Sackton: originally made of wood are.
Tim Sackton: You know, basically just ruins at this point, you know standing no more than like 10 feet high.
Tim Sackton: and probably of the of the nine that are still intact like for occupy like this is not somewhere where like lots of people live right it's like the outcasts and the loners and the you know people who have various reasons to want to be.
Tim Sackton: You know, close to town, but not.
Tim Sackton: Not downtown.
Tim Sackton: And as you approach this so this this one is one of the few made of stone.
Tim Sackton: I mean most higher fraction of the ones that have survived are made of stone, obviously, because the ones that are made of stone tend to survive longer.
Tim Sackton: And ah.
Tim Sackton: You know this this Tower itself.
Tim Sackton: You know, as you approach, you can see it's it's.
Tim Sackton: it's like pretty solid stone, it seems to be intact, all the way up about it wasn't never want to any one of the tallest towers mean the tallest ones might be.
Tim Sackton: 40 feet tall something like this that this is like maybe a good two stories right it's like.
Tim Sackton: You know 25 feet, or something it's on the shorter side for one of these towers, but it's at an advantageous position it commands a very good view of the North and north west coast line sitting on top of a rock out.
Tim Sackton: There is, there is a door, which had a wooden door at one point, but now it's just an open doorway.
Tim Sackton: So if you want to you can search around the outside, you can go in, you can, what do you want to do here.
Kaleho: We should search the outside verse for any possible clues or evidence.
Ryu: yeah.
Ryu: i'm really like uses is.
Ryu: majorly talents and like investigates the shit out of like.
Ryu: You know kind of the all the areas around the the Tower like outside you know evidence of people tracks.
Trok: truck is climbing to the top.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Wazir: yeah i'm just gonna poke around to write like inspect the outside relatively carefully.
Wazir: Look, for signs that.
Wazir: Like where did the stairs come up.
Wazir: into the Tower outside the.
Tim Sackton: outside and inside that tower.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so real Omega survival check.
Tim Sackton: i'd also like to try to.
Wazir: get a sense of how long somebody would have been living here like.
Wazir: Much garbage Is that how many fish bones are there right.
Ryu: O mine.
Tim Sackton: let's see I guess investigate cal out was here and kelo would be investigation.
Wazir: And a white robe twice.
Tim Sackton: wow that that's that's not a great start to a mystery adventure.
Ryu: I run.
Ryu: On my survival check.
Wazir: Our older one and my investigation.
Tim Sackton: Wine the two and a five.
Tim Sackton: make a.
Tim Sackton: truck making athletics jack.
Trok: i'm.
Trok: glad that that is what I have to roll.
Ryu: You had said that.
Ryu: chalk.
Tim Sackton: chalk, you know scrambled up to the top of the Tower it looks around the rest of you are just kind of poking around.
Tim Sackton: sort of a little unclear as to what you are.
Tim Sackton: Looking at the one thing that you do so there's there are a couple things that you notice i'm.
Tim Sackton: really just you know even like sort of you know not not at your sharpest you've spent enough time just kind of paying attention to the ground and paying attention to the land.
Tim Sackton: That you can tell this you know there's tracks of one person.
Tim Sackton: it's hard to say exactly how they were how long they were here but probably a few weeks, and the other thing that's clear to you is um.
Tim Sackton: They are not here now.
Tim Sackton: there's signs of hurry hurry departure i'm.
Tim Sackton: Not necessarily not in terms of like tracks leading away from here, but just like you know cleaning things up like trying to you know.
Tim Sackton: Obviously not entirely successfully, but you know sort of hurried signs of trying to remove any evidence of occupation.
Tim Sackton: How long does it.
Tim Sackton: it's it's hard to tell how long ago they've the whoever did this has done a good enough job that you.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Tim Sackton: Like done a good enough job covering up the tracks and all the evidence that you can't really but, like you know, not a month ago, like this is relatively recent.
Ryu: Okay, less than a month, it feels like.
Tim Sackton: yeah like a few days or a week, you know.
Wazir: 10 days since the so, is it.
Wazir: We think that it's do we think there's any signs that this was occupied, more recently, then when we went into the cave 10 days ago.
Tim Sackton: it's hard to say.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Kaleho: It was occupy.
Tim Sackton: yeah you should approach tire.
Tim Sackton: Ah The other thing that you notice was here and.
Tim Sackton: And kayla.
Tim Sackton: Is that this Tower seems to the watchtower is built on the ruins of an older TAO.
Tim Sackton: So, like the bottom row of.
Tim Sackton: stone is clearly much older than the than the like maybe the first seven feet or so clearly much older than what's above like somebody built the watch tower, on top of the ruins of a much older tower.
Wazir: How old I mean this isn't it's not like this was.
Wazir: built.
Wazir: This was built along even the old one, even the new one is built a long time ago.
Tim Sackton: The new one yeah I mean this was built the like boom time of the watching watch her towers was you know.
Tim Sackton: Still 100 years ago, or something.
Kaleho: Right this.
Tim Sackton: 70 years ago.
Tim Sackton: But the mud, the one that's much older it's clearly like you know at least.
Tim Sackton: You know, two or three times older than that.
Kaleho: I wonder if.
Trok: aliens or propellers.
Wazir: hmm.
Trok: Like from a downed clank as.
Tim Sackton: No propellers.
Tim Sackton: canceled on us.
Tim Sackton: propellers to fly primitive technology.
Kaleho: I wonder if this base there's older base could be some reference to the connection at this location as.
Wazir: lanes yeah.
Kaleho: connection to the plans is their powers and many places to hide, there has to be something special about this one, it.
Wazir: Is there anything I mean do I have any history about this like anybody do I know why this was rebuilt.
Wazir: There any stories about an old tower, I mean it must be the unusual for the beetle tower.
Tim Sackton: yeah make history check.
Wazir: I don't know why it always was twice i'm going to start taking my second role.
Going forward.
Tim Sackton: That just means you're gonna roll up at 20 and then a one.
Tim Sackton: So I mean.
Tim Sackton: You know a lot of these.
Tim Sackton: A lot of these um.
Tim Sackton: You know hammer has been occupied for a while it's a fairly old town i'm dating back even before the Great War like.
Tim Sackton: You know this has always been a nice sheltered port, and so there are definitely parts of town that are pretty old I mean most of it's been you know rebuilt over the years and, obviously, the docs are not 500 years old, or something but.
Tim Sackton: uh.
Tim Sackton: You know it's.
Tim Sackton: yeah you know you don't you don't know a ton about.
Tim Sackton: You just rolling to see to.
Tim Sackton: Try to feel Why is.
Wazir: rolling twice, yes, no, no i'm trying to figure out why.
Tim Sackton: i'm.
Tim Sackton: You know there's not any.
Tim Sackton: Any like.
Tim Sackton: That there's not a particular store there's not anything like famous about this Tower in particular um.
Right.
Wazir: Okay sure.
Kaleho: We go on in.
Wazir: what's up Tom.
Ryu: Before you do what's.
Ryu: On we should be a little careful if you go inside there because the first time I went in there definitely had some trippy visions that it was an infinite ocean and.
Ryu: pretty sure there's not an infinite ocean inside that and i'm also pretty sure was zero is also had some some trippy experiences just some magic I was in there right was your.
Wazir: yeah not in this Tower but.
Trok: Remember.
Ryu: The sound wasn't.
Tim Sackton: Directly beneath.
Wazir: It was in it was in the cave.
Ryu: yeah and the cave so this powerful now there's some powerful now to get here.
Tim Sackton: So so truck at the top, I mean you, you have got a nice view you can see it's a clear day starting to get hot, even in the middle of August or early August um.
Tim Sackton: You know, you can see the the coast stretching away to the north, you can see.
You know.
Tim Sackton: A few hours sale North there's the splinters which are like these little you know rocky.
Tim Sackton: Barely islands, just like you know single jutting rocks that are kind of scattered off the coast and then.
Tim Sackton: farther north of the sort of edge of your vision, you can see the silent head, which is a.
Tim Sackton: Large promontory that's like the height of land, the highest point along this whole cliff face um that was once a very popular watchers spot um.
Tim Sackton: Ah, now said to be haunted and you can see the ocean it's a calm day there's not um you know there's no.
Tim Sackton: Not much in the way of wave action at the moment i'm.
Tim Sackton: Nothing nothing particularly notable about the seed, you know there's some the morning Fisher folk are out, you know heading out a little ways off to you know catch them whenever they you know fish they can there's no just the sort of business of the town.
Tim Sackton: But otherwise um and that the top itself, like the inside of the so the.
Tim Sackton: The, although the Tower itself is completely intact the top two floors have collapsed and so here's just a straight shot looking straight down about 25 feet, to the.
Tim Sackton: To the bottom, to the first floor so there's normally there would be like maybe three floors here with the top floor being like the watchers platform um but that top floor has has.
Tim Sackton: has collapsed and the middle floor has collapsed and now there's just the roof, the roof has a bunch of holes in that um and so you're looking through these holes straight 25 feet, down to the bottom.
Trok: No i'm no expert in still work but does it look like it collapsed.
Trok: Recently, or has just been like that, for a long.
Tim Sackton: Time i'm making investigation check.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: It wasn't yesterday, right.
Tim Sackton: Ah it's hard to say really.
Tim Sackton: All right, it's kind of been.
Trok: done back then yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
Wazir: Anybody.
Tim Sackton: want to go inside.
Wazir: i'm going so was yours going to take a small jam.
Wazir: and out of the jam a little.
Wazir: Like a little mechanical flying fish.
Wazir: Like small little creature starts fluttering about.
Wazir: And I am going to.
Ryu: Really starts calming down blues that blue doesn't eat whatever it was that just came out of here and.
Wazir: i'm going to ask it to go inside and come back and tell us what it sees.
Tim Sackton: A guy.
Kaleho: Co host like I need to get one of those.
Tim Sackton: So Okay, make a perception check for whatever it is you just dead.
Wazir: I summon the oculus you got a 10.
Wazir: See now my do I fixed it so at least my duplicate roles are always the same.
Tim Sackton: Okay um.
Tim Sackton: that's a weird it's probably a weird beyond 20 setting.
Tim Sackton: Ah, so it's you know.
Tim Sackton: it's it's the inside, has been much more clearly lived in, and then the outside um it's.
Tim Sackton: And you can see the.
Tim Sackton: So there's a there's a staircase that leads down presumably to the cave from the first floor um.
Tim Sackton: there's you know there's like somebody had made like a straw bed piled up.
Tim Sackton: You know, on one side of the of the Tower nothing no not particularly nice accommodations but certainly somebody had been sleeping here for some amount of.
Time.
Tim Sackton: And you know the.
Tim Sackton: But, but you don't I mean there's not there's not much else to see like you don't get much more information about like how long ago, this was or anything like that.
Wazir: Okay.
Wazir: hmm.
Kaleho: Is it safe to go in.
Wazir: seems to be.
Ryu: yeah.
Ryu: i'm gonna wait and see what happens you guys.
Kaleho: Hello.
Kaleho: shrugs and then opens the door and take that step confidently but he can handle do something in there.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make if you're entering the the Tower make a charisma saving.
Trok: I confidently enter.
Tim Sackton: So.
Trok: did not have enough breakfast.
Tim Sackton: As you stop and.
Tim Sackton: Wait a minute sorry hold on one SEC yeah.
Tim Sackton: yeah as you as you step in all three of you see.
Tim Sackton: This.
Tim Sackton: Fast watery expanse i'm.
Tim Sackton: Are let's they are you are you wearing your cloak of the manta Ray was here.
Wazir: um.
Wazir: yeah probably I mean a habit sure why not.
Tim Sackton: Okay i'm.
Tim Sackton: A Tele you feel like you can't bri it's like the the like there's this there's like thousands of pounds of water closing in on you and you can't read the water.
Tim Sackton: And you, you know, looking around there's like no where to go no i'm.
You know.
Tim Sackton: there's no air in any direction um you are.
Tim Sackton: Just completely surrounded by ocean in every way up down left right back forward.
Tim Sackton: The only thing that's moving in the ocean, is in the distance what seems to be a tangled web of like those mats of seaweed that likes to put you know float on top of the ocean, but it's you know, in the middle of the ocean and there's long.
Tim Sackton: filaments dangling off of it, of some sort of plant material, and this is like maybe 100 feet off.
Tim Sackton: And swimming in circles around these.
Tim Sackton: filaments that are dangling are.
Tim Sackton: Something that looks kind of like dolphins, but it sort of silvery and made seemingly made of like a lighter foamy or water.
Tim Sackton: I get some sort of water creature that looks like a dolphin and they seem to be playing around these.
Tim Sackton: filaments and occasion like snapping and eating something off of them, but it's you know, although truck and was here, you see this in our sort of curious kayla you are struggling to pay attention as the.
Tim Sackton: You are convinced, you cannot breathe at the moment, what does your Constitution modifier.
Tim Sackton: Like what is this the plus for your constitution.
Kaleho: plus two.
Okay.
Ryu: renew yells into the tower, what do you see in there.
Wazir: A lot of water.
Kaleho: hose screams but, just like bubbles come out of the side.
Trok: i'm going in truck is gonna dive and swim as fast as you can.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
features.
Tim Sackton: thing.
Wazir: where's the monkey wallace.
Tim Sackton: I don't know where is that.
Trok: Back in your pocket.
Wazir: Well, I can I.
Wazir: know I guess it's flight it fluttering around.
Tim Sackton: truck you smash your head into a stone wall.
Tim Sackton: Ah, taking two points of damage.
Trok: Let me know.
Tim Sackton: there's no.
Tim Sackton: there's no water, I mean there's No stone wall that you can see, but you're swimming hard after these creatures and you just wham into something solid in front of you.
Tim Sackton: Further.
Kaleho: If kayla tries to put on his ring of water walking what would this back do.
Tim Sackton: You can try it was.
Kaleho: frantically panicking he tries to.
Kaleho: Put.
Kaleho: He successfully put says drink of water walking on.
Tim Sackton: i'm making another charisma saving through i'm.
Tim Sackton: Actually truck as well.
Trok: Another Christian sector.
Trok: or.
Tim Sackton: As you put on the ring Hello you like you sort of put it on, and as you as you put it on you feel like less of the ring of water walking should be bringing you to the surface of whatever it is.
Tim Sackton: And you're not moving and he sort of blink your eyes and the water fades and you can breathe again and looking around you see on.
Tim Sackton: The inside of the Tower.
Kaleho: me wet.
Kaleho: Now okay.
Tim Sackton: Talk you are it's like super frustrating there's these things like 100 feet away from you.
Tim Sackton: But Everywhere you go it's like there's a solid.
Tim Sackton: invisible barrier blocking your progress you like keep swimming forward and it's like you're moving around in a circle, as you.
Tim Sackton: You know you feel the edge and you're kind of fight find yourself moving now away from them it's almost as if you're trapped inside like a circular.
Tim Sackton: Like bubble of force that's keeping you from moving anywhere trapped in this watery plane you can't get to what you know what you are to see.
Kaleho: No try to grab truck so it doesn't hurt themselves.
Kaleho: I think he's flailing around hitting a.
Tim Sackton: wall after wall what you see is that he is like he ran headfirst into a.
stone.
Tim Sackton: Well, you wouldn't have seen that actually not have you actually got to see.
Tim Sackton: That oh.
Tim Sackton: Right, really, you would have seen that from the outside looking in the door, you saw.
trough.
Tim Sackton: headfirst into a wall and then like.
Tim Sackton: Like swim like doing swimming motions, but like feeling the edge of this stone and trying to find a way around that.
Tim Sackton: was your shadow saving through as well.
Ryu: Real shot up truck truck it's a rock you're not in water.
Trok: Real I know what i'm doing.
Tim Sackton: For you, the the water also fades and you're now standing inside the tower.
Wazir: was your other stairs somewhere.
Tim Sackton: yeah you see now truck is actually coming kind of close to the stairs.
Tim Sackton: I like swimming in a circle.
Wazir: I am going to go over to truck grab him and say it's not real with.
Trok: I can figure that out.
Trok: I look I can swim down.
Wazir: You really can't.
Tim Sackton: Oh no he can't actually there's there's here.
Tim Sackton: So make another charisma saving.
Wazir: Most going to send that monkey us down the stairs.
Oh.
Tim Sackton: it's still water, do you want to go down the stairs.
Trok: i'm swimming down.
Tim Sackton: Okay chocolate serving down the stairs it's weird swimming it's like um.
Tim Sackton: You know it's almost like you're swimming through like a glass tunnel.
Tim Sackton: Like you can see, the water around you, but like there's only a constrained area that you can swim in um and then you hear a splash which doesn't make sense.
Tim Sackton: But you.
Tim Sackton: Land.
Tim Sackton: Taking another one point of blessing damages, as you fall and hit the pool of water, and now you are really swimming in water as you imagined, you are swimming in water.
Ryu: Rio.
Ryu: Rio is like watching all this wishing that he had a smartphone now.
Trok: I got this you guys.
Tim Sackton: i'm kayla what are you doing now that you can see, so.
como.
Kaleho: wants to do an investigation check of the first for now that he's.
Tim Sackton: Very good.
Kaleho: yeah aware, just a quick what's what the Fuck is going on.
Tim Sackton: There OK.
Tim Sackton: um.
Tim Sackton: So the the most the most unusual thing you notice is that i'm around the inside edge of the bottom of the Tower like in a complete circle around or the is very faint like they faded over time i'm less of some kind in.
Tim Sackton: laughlin just part of primordial.
Tim Sackton: which seemed to be like some kind of well you're you're not you actually wouldn't know what they are because you're not magical.
Wazir: But their size or take a look at them.
yeah.
Tim Sackton: Making our economy just looks like a.
Kaleho: New thing.
Wazir: Here we go.
Tim Sackton: So these are.
Tim Sackton: Two things that you, you realize, as you start to read these glyphs given that you can read awkward and you're pretty familiar with these kinds of magic on.
Tim Sackton: One is this seems to be some kind of incantation of like control or binding or closing, I mean long faded doesn't there's your gas is no longer active.
Tim Sackton: and the other is that you see.
Tim Sackton: You know, repeated in this in this sort of incantation which is like you know, a string of words like commanding water, you see, like I Aryan command this written.
Wazir: area and, like area in the midst speaker.
Tim Sackton: spelled the same way.
Ryu: like this is all power.
Trok: really is i'm swimming down.
Tim Sackton: make another charisma saving time.
Tim Sackton: you're going to be stuck in the plane of water forever.
Tim Sackton: yeah we're going to be stuck in the plate of water for everybody, you can hold your breath for 15 minutes so you're not in danger of suffocation um.
Tim Sackton: So, as you swim down you see i'm actually a.
Tim Sackton: So in the distance now you see a.
Tim Sackton: What looks like a.
Tim Sackton: limestone like a giant ball of limestone kind of floating in the water and it's it's it's almost like a circular cave like you took like if you took one of these see caves just.
Tim Sackton: inverted it so it was mirror image, on top of each other and i'm kind of drifting out of this limestone cave are tendrils of darker water like almost inky black water.
Trok: whoa.
Trok: said familiar in any way to do is that something like something that we well my eldridge small looks like that doesn't it.
Tim Sackton: A little bit yeah.
Tim Sackton: What is um what is real doing.
Ryu: For you, as a watching all of this unfold watching truck like bashes head ball down into things.
Ryu: And it's just like i'm not going to step in there i'm going to let these guys figure out what is happening.
Ryu: and definitely don't want blue to fly in there, because I don't want a blue to go to get off like crazy and my flat around to read is just kind of like carefully watching the top right now.
Tim Sackton: Okay i'm trying to make another Christmas, even though.
Wazir: i'm just gonna have to go save truck at some point.
Tim Sackton: See how far have you gotten 456 yeah yeah you might start running out of air pretty soon actually.
Tim Sackton: it's probably been about.
Tim Sackton: 10 minutes i'm swimming around in the plane of water.
Wazir: See still down where is he I mean.
Tim Sackton: he's swimming in circles in the pool So if you go down the stairs you see that there's a set of stairs go down spiral down there's a place where the stairs are broken.
Tim Sackton: Which truck fell through they like go along the edge of the cliff law and then after the broken part they come onto this platform where the chest.
Tim Sackton: And truck is now in the pool of water, where you fought the element.
Wazir: Right.
Ryu: Here you want it.
You might want to rescue truck.
Wazir: yeah I.
Ryu: mean I thought I can throw my spear Adam.
Ryu: We all wake him up.
Ryu: A truck.
Wazir: All right.
Wazir: he's swimming in circles.
Ryu: yeah these hallucinating I mean, which is not an unfamiliar state that I find him index funds but.
A try.
Wazir: Let me see something.
Kaleho: Talk I have some Gaza with me.
Ryu: that's truck I have some tasty tasty guts up here dude.
Ryu: Top of the stairs right outside the door yeah well my voice.
Trok: i'm doing an important underwater things you guys.
Wazir: You don't want here, you know what.
Wazir: you're underwater things are.
Ryu: really important i've got a giant tuna liver up here, full of gossip truck.
Trok: wow dude.
Trok: So the waters, only a couple of feet deep or like four feet deep.
Trok: Here tools or it.
Wazir: might be on mute.
Tim Sackton: Oh it's pretty shout out yes.
Kaleho: So we're putting him drowned in a puddle.
Tim Sackton: Oh, he can hold his breath for another like.
Tim Sackton: four minutes without a problem that.
Wazir: you're in pretty deep water their truck why don't you take my cloak so you can breathe.
Trok: too to I hear this TIM.
Tim Sackton: yeah you you hear it, it seems it's weird because you can't.
Tim Sackton: know I guess you would see I mean you would see them.
Tim Sackton: You see them it, you know floating in the water.
Tim Sackton: behind you.
Trok: Know i'm good.
Trok: Thanks.
Tim Sackton: I mean you know that you, you can only hold your breath for 15 minutes here aware of that fact of lizard from physiology.
Tim Sackton: You know you've been swimming for about 10 minutes so.
Tim Sackton: i'm.
Tim Sackton: Making another Christmas aiming down.
Trok: My role tonight.
Tim Sackton: are amazing how to have a minus one.
yesterday.
Trok: i'm going to swim up.
Wazir: Was is like standing there like take.
Tim Sackton: TAO So you see now like truck like jumping now, this is because you've been able to swim fine until now, but you try to swim up and it's like there's a force pressing down on you like trying to keep you down.
Tim Sackton: Holding you to this level of the of the ocean, where you are, and you can like swell up a little bit, but then it it pulls you back down.
Tim Sackton: it's like some sort of mystical force that's not.
Tim Sackton: A true that's like attracting you to to the place where you are now.
Trok: Have weird a tattoo on my abdomen that I.
Trok: Consider.
Trok: stroke it with a claw for a.
Trok: Second thinking, maybe.
Trok: na.
Trok: I look over it was here and say what was that you were going to give me.
Wazir: Take this cloak.
Trok: skeptically I put on the cook.
Tim Sackton: So with that now being aware that you can breathe.
Tim Sackton: underwater wait, does it require to meant.
Wazir: Oh, you know what it might require to and.
Tim Sackton: i'm pretty sure it requires a team and.
Wazir: I can't give you my cloak.
Tim Sackton: So chalk is going to drown because he.
Tim Sackton: can't roll above 14 on his charisma say.
Wazir: Oh no it doesn't it does not.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so aware that you now can breathe underwater eventually.
Tim Sackton: You, the the you know and also like you know gravity confuses you now a little bit and you start to realize that like this doesn't make sense.
Tim Sackton: and eventually the image fades and you see yours, you see now that you're standing in this like shallow water.
Tim Sackton: it's a bit deeper than it was before, because the tide is higher so it's like maybe six feet like up to your neck.
Tim Sackton: Just like you know splashing trying to get up to see this is where you fought the all my done before you can see the stairs going up and the image of the plane of water fades.
Trok: guys, I think.
Trok: I think that part was an illusion, I don't know if you guys are still seeing that but.
Wazir: Yes, truck.
Ryu: It was just like sitting at the top of the stairs like eating like see popcorn.
Wazir: Now, if we could get back to the matter at hand.
Wazir: I would like to how far up is the scene between the old tower in the new tower.
Tim Sackton: about six seven feet.
Wazir: Okay um.
Wazir: i'm going to send by among us to just fly around that spot working for any writing like just.
Wazir: anywhere on the old tower.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make a.
Tim Sackton: perception check.
Tim Sackton: What is kilo and then truck doing at this point.
Wazir: I also want to that once I want to search around inside the Tower as well, so I clearly.
Wazir: These.
Wazir: So.
Wazir: Actually nevermind.
Trok: i'm.
Tim Sackton: You don't you don't find any additional writing.
Trok: i'm going to search under the water.
Trok: Around the floor in the base of the walls.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I mean that's you search fairly thoroughly after defeating, though.
Trok: Water elemental, although it is not a.
Tim Sackton: there's not much else defined in this in the sea cave.
Kaleho: And, and there is there any living refuge in this area where that all in the first four.
Kaleho: Wait wait jets or.
Tim Sackton: beds are there no that's.
Tim Sackton: So there wasn't so there's the first floor there are steps that go down into a cave the cave is filled with water.
Kaleho: Like okay God like.
Tim Sackton: Two three feet at low tide in like six feet at high tide.
Kaleho: got it.
Tim Sackton: And now you are stint well truck and was zero standing in the water um.
Tim Sackton: And there's there's up the stairs come down there's a landing there's a gap in the stairs about a six foot gap in the stairs and then below the gap there's a landing and then the stairs continue down to the cave and on the land is the chest, where the scroll was found.
Kaleho: God.
Kaleho: Oh, can I go investigate the chest for any additional clues things, just in case somebody.
Tim Sackton: make a perception check.
Tim Sackton: Our investigation that's fine yeah you.
Kaleho: know.
Tim Sackton: You don't find anything else.
Kaleho: That was a one.
Tim Sackton: yeah I mean it's a chest it's been.
Tim Sackton: it's a it's like a just a simple Winchester wasn't locked or anything it it's relatively small.
Tim Sackton: seems like mostly just something to keep things dry.
Ryu: What do you guys think.
Wazir: I think it's.
Wazir: I like to go back to town and and ask around I think there's a lot of people, we could ask in town.
Wazir: i'd like to know, sorry go ahead, kill.
Kaleho: This towers this can't be a secret.
Kaleho: there's only so many towers.
Kaleho: Other people must know about this.
Ryu: I was there were saying earlier Jason he frequents these towers he's near here, you would have seen something in the past weeks Orton you're saying as well truck.
Trok: Maybe I mean if somebody weird came in or out he might have seen it or maybe who's taking a nap you know.
Wazir: And there's a few people i'd like to talk to there's there's i'm.
Wazir: Smart and wired.
Wazir: To.
Wazir: orphan girls, I know who keep an ear out for.
Wazir: Strange going ons and the drowned flats for me.
Wazir: and
Wazir: might be worth trying to see if anybody knows some stories of this Tower I thought, maybe we just went to the fish market in mid day when the when the.
Wazir: Old folks are hanging around telling stories of.
Wazir: The past maybe somebody knows something maybe somebody knows the rumors about this Tower where it from.
Wazir: it's unusual.
Wazir: Yes, such an old tower here right.
Tim Sackton: yeah that's pretty unusual.
Tim Sackton: So so let's say i'm so it's like mid morning now so i'm review is going to talk to Jason truck is looking for a word in.
Tim Sackton: Canada, who do you want to go and was here is going to go talk to these two orphans, do you want to go and then you'll meet at the market.
Kaleho: After the ground orphans or in the flat right.
Kaleho: yeah your friends are in the ground that's.
Ryu: that's for my people around orphans.
Kaleho: or friends or in the drowned flat so that's our i'll go first I know.
Kaleho: So i'll go with him.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so i'll just i'll just you know you you travel to your various locations and eventually i'll just go around in circles with so so Rhea you're you're you know fairly close.
Ryu: To Jason I say.
Ryu: I would say truck and I probably know both both these characters so like.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Ryu: We can go, we can go visit Jason together.
Ryu: I got a little hot not too far from other towers.
Tim Sackton: yeah so he lives, he lives in not in one of the towers, but like in a in a.
Tim Sackton: house constructed a ruined bits of towers i'm sort of on this North face here i'm not not too close to this Tower but like on the same seaward side and he is he's sitting in his hot, as you approach.
Tim Sackton: looks like you know just kind of getting out of bed.
Ryu: Real like kinda you know taps at the door with Dora Dora with the staff Jason yeah.
Ryu: yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, maybe comment.
Tim Sackton: sticks his head out the door.
Tim Sackton: yeah right day to day oh hey really truck nice to see you.
Ryu: yeah I know you're lying but.
Ryu: You know, you know that tower over on the North face.
Ryu: it's a I want to say.
Ryu: That for towers kind of East of.
Ryu: will call it the one at the very, very tip of the of the peninsula, you know it's about four hours East so that's it for 40 hours East of the set you know which one i'm talking about right it's got you step inside and it.
Ryu: Has crazy illusions, for you must have wandered in there at some point.
Tim Sackton: Another one.
Ryu: You do know the one thought you might.
Ryu: Have you seen anybody living in there, we think there's somebody that's been living in there for the past stretch I don't know, maybe a month, maybe a little longer.
Tim Sackton: let's it's me.
Ryu: When he was it to you because we're friends and you're going to share the integration that you know.
Tim Sackton: wow.
Tim Sackton: we're friendly.
Ryu: Like.
Ryu: This yeah really takes his like his spirit like kind of taps truck like see the friends, we make easy let's.
Ryu: What do you want.
Tim Sackton: wow.
Ryu: You awesome to deliver.
Tim Sackton: it's been a while, since i've had any nicer.
To deliver.
Tim Sackton: i'm done with that for a while.
Tim Sackton: Something something fried and tasty.
Tim Sackton: Cut any.
Tim Sackton: Any big cod lately.
Ryu: I can give you some cod.
Ryu: Some cod.
Trok: We can hook you up later on.
Tim Sackton: Not not like the you know crappy little ones right like some nice flashy pieces, I can fry out.
Ryu: I mean.
Tim Sackton: A few days, where.
Ryu: You want a few days for the cod.
Ryu: I mean it's a few days for the cubs better be some good stories out you're going to give us.
Wazir: Over fish.
Tim Sackton: makeup makeup persuasion check.
Ryu: And I am neutrally persuasive.
Tim Sackton: it's worth your time don't hassle right.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: say.
Tim Sackton: seven eight days ago.
Tim Sackton: There was a kind of dubious character.
Tim Sackton: who looked like.
Tim Sackton: He had a he was a he was cleaning up the outside of that tower, can you believe it picking.
outside.
Tim Sackton: Picking up trash he he he was throwing dirt.
Tim Sackton: all around.
Tim Sackton: He was he took his cloak and he was like.
Tim Sackton: Why would somebody do that.
Tim Sackton: And then he liked.
Trok: me like poof finished.
Tim Sackton: Know like step aside and never came out again for days I watched I was curious about this strange behavior.
Tim Sackton: He was.
Tim Sackton: never went inside never came out.
Ryu: What do you look like.
Tim Sackton: To close, he was wearing the dark cloak pulled up over his hood scruffy dude like way scruffier the media YouTube.
Tim Sackton: beard yeah beard like like wrinkled and Gray.
Tim Sackton: Looking.
Tim Sackton: like an octo tired old man.
Tim Sackton: and not one who had slept well the past month.
Ryu: You seen him before the seminary days you seen him before that.
Tim Sackton: No.
Ryu: You seen you know i'm like you're saying explaining the tire on the outside any evidence of anybody kind of walk around and he likes to the Tower anything that anybody was living there are staying there for a while.
Tim Sackton: huh.
Tim Sackton: How much card, are you kidding me.
Ryu: Can you to to falaise.
Tim Sackton: Three did you say three.
Ryu: Consider three depending on how good the integration is but the two are going to be juicy i'll tell you that much.
Tim Sackton: I just want you to.
Trok: Making me hungry to.
Tim Sackton: Make it worth my while here.
Tim Sackton: I mean somebody was definitely living there.
Ryu: Or you know.
Tim Sackton: toss toss some fish out every couple days.
Tim Sackton: it's like making a little trash heap on the outside of the Tower.
Tim Sackton: never came in or out.
Trok: What kind of fish.
Tim Sackton: yeah just bonds not not good stuff some crabs some some small things.
Tim Sackton: Know kind of stuff that was in the shower.
Ryu: shallows no God, Sir, no one's.
Tim Sackton: smell some gotcha.
Tim Sackton: Did you think he must have been smoking at one point.
Trok: They were talking.
Ryu: Now we are talking.
Ryu: How long G, you can you see the like the the trash pile out there month two months.
man.
Like.
Tim Sackton: Two three weeks most at most.
Ryu: Interesting interesting.
Ryu: All right, maybe you only saw him that one time when he went out to clean up at the.
Tim Sackton: Only that one time picking up his own trash that he'd been throwing for weeks what's.
Tim Sackton: what's the point of that.
Ryu: That was a little weird That was a little weird well Jason this has been valuable I got.
Ryu: Three falaise since i'm a good guy with your name on it i'll bring him back a little bringing by a little bit later.
Tim Sackton: yeah just think of it, let me sleep do.
Ryu: You go back to sleep, but you think about anything else man you let us know right track it anything else you'd like to ask this guy.
Trok: i'm good.
Ryu: Good all right.
Okay.
Tim Sackton: Good fishing.
Ryu: We out.
Tim Sackton: Ah, so was here and kayla you've made it back to town not crossing all the way over to the docks of the main part of town, but i'm.
Tim Sackton: More in your boat at one of the like sort of dingy tie ups on the drown flats are just like collection of little platforms with like rope bridges, mostly between them.
Tim Sackton: All kind of low to the ocean this this place, you know, on the higher tides every month there's like typically floods i'm pretty i'm pretty dismal and there's one there's a you know one thing you notice was there.
Tim Sackton: Since the last time you, you came through there is.
Tim Sackton: One of these like little like.
Tim Sackton: sharks shot cuts up on stilts has has collapsed and fallen into the ocean into the.
Tim Sackton: salt flats in the end the River the sort of brackish water of the stream it's actually one that set a little bit further out almost on the edge of the harbor so it's like you know it's it's collapsed off of its pilings and is like.
Tim Sackton: three corners buried, you know underwater at this point.
Tim Sackton: But you know where to find.
Wazir: Some are.
Tim Sackton: Some are.
Wazir: she's the more talkative one.
Tim Sackton: I prefer for.
Kaleho: inhales deeply to.
Kaleho: Every shithole is finished so smells just like this.
Wazir: So i'll go work for her.
Wazir: and
Wazir: i'm.
Wazir: i'm I assume she's around right where.
Tim Sackton: she's around.
Wazir: And I will sort of.
Wazir: walk around.
Wazir: gather there's probably a discrete spamming.
Wazir: The two of them, probably have their own little shack.
yeah.
Wazir: So all i'll introduce kalo briefly, this is my friend kalo.
Wazir: I know it's.
Wazir: I know it's it's only.
Wazir: Thursday and our.
Wazir: Regular usually usually Mondays or lunch day but i'm.
Wazir: i'm looking for some information somewhat urgently.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Wazir: thought perhaps you could help.
Tim Sackton: about the.
Tim Sackton: collapse building are you are you do you do people care about that.
Wazir: What happened.
Tim Sackton: fell into the ocean.
Wazir: One was that.
i'm.
Tim Sackton: Almost let's see.
Tim Sackton: Two lunches ago to two weeks.
Wazir: Do you know, do you know what happened, did you see it, it just it just fell.
Tim Sackton: bunch people died, I think.
Kaleho: Anybody you know.
Tim Sackton: Who knows anybody down here.
Wazir: Watch people died.
Tim Sackton: I think they were.
Tim Sackton: You know, got.
Tim Sackton: into that stuff.
Tim Sackton: place where people smoked.
Wazir: that's what I was kind of wondering about if any of any of the Gaza smokers that God missing.
Tim Sackton: yeah they died.
Tim Sackton: I think.
Tim Sackton: I didn't I didn't see the bodies.
Tim Sackton: But building building found at.
Wazir: spin at any new folk around.
Wazir: Maybe.
Wazir: mysterious type dark cloak.
Wazir: Maybe not wanting to say much maybe what can to buy gazza maybe look into talk to those who smoke it.
Wazir: A book into by keep.
Tim Sackton: I hmm.
Tim Sackton: Someone didn't come through I.
Tim Sackton: know only hard part of the conversation.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: You look old and tired and wanted a.
Tim Sackton: blacksmith who would.
Tim Sackton: Help them for money.
Tim Sackton: quietly.
Tim Sackton: Smith think.
Tim Sackton: I don't know I didn't I didn't hear where but.
Tim Sackton: He was asking about lead.
Wazir: Interesting place to.
Wazir: be working for us with wonder if he.
Tim Sackton: I don't think he thought it Smith would be here, he wanted a smith who wouldn't.
ask questions, yes, of course.
Wazir: interesting.
Wazir: well.
Wazir: If you see him again.
Wazir: Or if he's sniffing around to hear.
Wazir: You and your sister come right away to the Leviathan I don't think he's a safe character.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: If I stayed home after the.
Tim Sackton: people died.
Tim Sackton: didn't think anybody cared.
Wazir: Well, I will say it didn't make much of a star over in the low town, but.
Wazir: Keep yourself safe.
Wazir: Thank you go out much if you can avoid it.
Wazir: yeah if you see this guy again get out as fast as you can come find me at the Leviathan.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Wazir: I want to go poke around the collapse building yeah.
Kaleho: And does kalo like notice, given that this is his element of his senses you notice anybody following him or following us or anything.
Kaleho: why's that kind of sticks out to him in his experience.
Tim Sackton: So people know that was Eric comes and goes from here, occasionally like it's not um I mean there's definitely people who are staring but nobody who's like.
Tim Sackton: Who seems to be following you.
Kaleho: Nothing sets off his bike any alarm bells.
yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so truck and review, are you Where are you heading from jason's.
Trok: down to the beach to.
Trok: Sign ordinance.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Even.
Trok: Human.
He worked in his.
Tim Sackton: origin is sitting.
Tim Sackton: So he usually he usually hang so on this like this stretch here sort of north of the of the drawn flats, where the marshes sort of turned into a bit that's like a narrow stretch of sandy beach here.
Tim Sackton: And you know there's a few like hutson things that are built there.
Tim Sackton: Already and usually hangs out there and he's been.
Tim Sackton: he's been sitting there he's sitting there.
Tim Sackton: cooking up some some lunch, when you approach actually it's pretty hot it's not cooking he's eating some some cold.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what would he what could he scratch from the ocean.
Tim Sackton: leftovers.
Tim Sackton: yell saying some.
Tim Sackton: leftover shellfish from the night before just cold and he looks up yeah.
Tim Sackton: trop.
man.
Trok: hello, my friend.
Tim Sackton: here to smoke.
Trok: No unfortunately we're doing business, you know ryu right.
Tim Sackton: mm hmm nice seeing you real lunch, not much, but you know happy to share.
Trok: Ah, thank you.
Trok: Myself we'll we'll just we'll just sit an offer you some company in the shade.
Tim Sackton: wow that sounds wildly.
Trok: We just wondering if you seen anything weird happening around that.
Trok: I described the location that with our.
Trok: That all tower.
Tim Sackton: yeah there was a.
Tim Sackton: What was a 10 day go take 10 days ago there was a weird boat.
Tim Sackton: it's like not really a boat, you know kind of like partly underwater boat that went into the caves I don't think many people saw it, but.
Tim Sackton: yeah I was watching it.
Trok: Are you getting got to from somebody else man cuz you gotta lay off that stuff sometimes.
Ryu: I was the voice of reason.
Tim Sackton: man.
Trok: i'll just keep talking so a weird boat.
Tim Sackton: Without having like made of I don't know it was like.
Tim Sackton: seemed to be fine, I think I saw was you're out there, fighting something.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: me and Rio was like.
Tim Sackton: Oh yeah dude, of course, you were kirsty where.
Trok: You know i'm.
Trok: Every time i'm there i'm.
Trok: Well, you see anything else.
Tim Sackton: Other boats.
Tim Sackton: Ah.
Tim Sackton: There was one other boat yeah.
Tim Sackton: don't laugh I i'm not actually sure it was real.
Trok: This is, this is the, this is the kind of trip RON or no.
Tim Sackton: Go for your chance.
Ryu: yeah well we fan of boats were independent bookstores for what it looked like.
Tim Sackton: It was a small single sale killed out.
Tim Sackton: But uh so it.
Tim Sackton: sailed right through the cliff not the Hulk left just the very end of the cliff like you know there's the shoals right at the end of the class and everybody sells out around them.
Tim Sackton: It just sailed through them.
Trok: Just right through.
Tim Sackton: right through the shoals.
Tim Sackton: it's like what.
Tim Sackton: That you're not guys gonna die.
Ryu: What happened.
Tim Sackton: Two weeks ago.
Tim Sackton: And went to the sharks Doc could see it from here, then came back and sell the rights to the shoals again.
Trok: The sharks Doc I wonder what they were doing they're.
Tim Sackton: Like what's up with that man, I mean a boat that can go through rock.
Ryu: that's.
Tim Sackton: we're right.
Ryu: On and on this one i'm with you, that is very strange.
Ryu: it's very strange but exactly the type of shit we're looking to understand more about.
Trok: You know, we owe you one.
Trok: sounds like logic check out the sharks Doc.
Ryu: yeah.
Ryu: Anything else order hey i'll see you remember, any other things you seen recently.
Tim Sackton: There was that day when there was no fish in the ocean.
Tim Sackton: That was.
Ryu: That was weird.
Ryu: I remember that.
Trok: And there's some crazy stuff going on right now we are investigating and you know what order.
Trok: It might be possible for you to join our team.
Tim Sackton: Really.
Trok: But you can you can be a member at large, you just keep an eye out for us all right.
Tim Sackton: Okay, totally happy to.
Ryu: Have muscles.
Ryu: You definitely keep an eye out.
Ryu: And we'll be back you definitely got some got some good eyes on you man.
Trok: We need we need your eyes on the beach here.
Tim Sackton: yeah it's sometimes wonder like half the things I see Are they really they're.
Tim Sackton: Just seeing them, you know.
Trok: And that sharp insight that's what we need right now.
Ryu: is exactly what we that's why you're on the team.
Ryu: that's why you are on the.
team.
Ryu: Taking spearpoint.
Ryu: You ordered in blue, what do you think on the team right we like nods nice who thinks you're on the team to.
Tim Sackton: I got it.
Trok: All right.
Ryu: Well we've got Gordon.
Ryu: Yes, it is like.
Ryu: really like talking about shock like this is a very effective set of interviews we've done.
Trok: Already, you know we go way back, I mean.
Ryu: I remember where did I mean Orton I didn't realize that he was so had such a great personality, but I liked him a lot.
Trok: You know i'm earning years he's had he's had a rough rough life that guy.
Ryu: know, I know, yes, I know, yes.
Ryu: let's go let's go to the marketplace, I think we got some good information now for for was here.
Tim Sackton: hey so.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Wazir: quick question how long ago was this guy asking about a smith.
Kaleho: Yes, well, I was thinking.
i'm.
Tim Sackton: A while ago before before the before the building fell.
Wazir: To like.
Tim Sackton: Three weeks ago, maybe two, three weeks ago.
Wazir: And the building felt like two weeks ago, so like right before the.
Wazir: yeah everything went down basically right.
Wazir: Yes, yes um The other thing I would like to do, maybe after we go to the market, but was here is actually probably the best Smith in the entire town and would probably know every single blacksmith and tap.
Yes.
Tim Sackton: In fact, he do.
Wazir: When he was here has a bit of a problem with making things kind of just for fun, he has a whole back room where he liked builds random.
Wazir: crazy stuff but he's actually quite good at it so like he builds all kinds of strange things.
Wazir: But he also likes to you know talk about shop right, so he would probably spend a bunch of I didn't make them up as NBC, but I would guess that he would know so i'd like to make a circuit of basically every every Smith in town.
Okay.
Tim Sackton: So first, though.
Tim Sackton: we're doing to it.
yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so um so it's a it was a like a small building, but you know, one of these platform buildings were you know, a bunch of people had just kind of piled in.
Tim Sackton: and used it as a place to sleep.
Tim Sackton: Because they had nowhere else to go um.
Tim Sackton: It wasn't anybody's house right it wasn't a place that had you know regular people lived in it was out on the edge of the drown flats, and it was sort of known to be unstable right so so that's why nobody actually lived there as a permanent.
Tim Sackton: yeah it wasn't anybody's permanent dwelling places where you went and collapsed when you were otherwise going to be sleeping on the street.
Tim Sackton: i'm.
Tim Sackton: Ah, so you're gonna like and it's like currently like so there's four pilings that it was standing on there um.
Tim Sackton: You know and it's like slid off of the pilings like the pilings have cracked and it slid down so it's like three quarters of the way into the.
Tim Sackton: into the ocean and but now, this is like sort of salt marsh ocean edge but, but the wider here is fairly deep because you're out kind of a ways from the little ways from the shore.
Wazir: I would like to look for any signs of bodies.
Tim Sackton: yeah okay.
Kaleho: I ask, what do you think they just left the bodies here.
When.
Wazir: surprise me.
Wazir: Although there must be like I mean you went just we've six bodies to rot and even in drought in town right like.
Kaleho: Maybe bodies buried under rubble.
Tim Sackton: I mean i've so one thing that you do know was here is that it wasn't like you know six bodies didn't wash up on the shore.
Tim Sackton: Like writing but two weeks ago right like.
Tim Sackton: That that would.
Tim Sackton: People would do something.
Tim Sackton: That people don't missing is sort of like a right right, but like sex bodies washing up somebody would have commented.
Wazir: It would affect your attention right so either the bodies are buried in the rubble.
Wazir: And nobody took the trouble to I mean I could imagine these folks I mean the downtown community is not going to go dig out unsafe rubble to give people a more proper burial.
Wazir: they're already buried in the rubble right right um but if they were just like floating at to see that.
Tim Sackton: Somebody yes, that you're pretty sure that there's not that there weren't bodies just floating.
Tim Sackton: Out there so that would have endured.
Wazir: I think what i'd like to look for is like Okay, are there, six bodies or whatever.
Wazir: yeah right in the rubble right Okay, maybe.
Tim Sackton: i'll say investigation.
Tim Sackton: yeah you can roll.
Wazir: It was seven investigation I haven't gotten above like a.
Wazir: Five on my role.
Tim Sackton: hello to the rescue um.
Tim Sackton: So um you are was you're poking around the the rubble and it's like so there's no you do, you can tell that there's no body is like you know the this building is partially collapse, but not so collapse that it is impossible to look around in and um.
Tim Sackton: You know it's.
Tim Sackton: it's clearly.
Tim Sackton: it's clearly empty.
Tim Sackton: um.
Tim Sackton: At least of dead bodies.
Tim Sackton: i'm kayla what you notice as you're sort of poking around is that so one of the pilings is like.
Tim Sackton: Very rotten and has just like broken completely and at first glance, that seems to be the issue, except that if one piling even if one piling collapsed, it probably shouldn't.
Tim Sackton: cause the entire building collapse, and you can you see that actually the other three pilings were carefully scored to make them weaker and there are signs of.
Tim Sackton: Flooding damage like somebody went in like banged on the pilings for a little bit to cause cracks and splinters to run up against them and then maybe knocked out the rotten one which probably you could have just pushed over with a good strong push i'm.
Kaleho: Sorry i'm motion towards was here to.
Kaleho: play this out and we are.
Wazir: haha so somebody.
Wazir: Somebody.
intentionally get this.
Kaleho: Somebody knew enough about this location.
Wazir: Think must have.
Wazir: All I can think is it's a way to cover your tracks, if you if you took some people.
Wazir: keep going back to the scroll and this idea how many people was the supposedly it's this year, no.
Tim Sackton: did she say like some may have thought it might have been six people.
Tim Sackton: find it hard to know for sure, because.
Tim Sackton: Like it wasn't anybody's house right it's.
Tim Sackton: Just like you know.
Wazir: I have enough yet way for at least five more attempts, as this role.
Wazir: sex is close to five six people go missing.
Kaleho: make sense to me this isn't good.
Tim Sackton: Anything else you want to do here before you meet back at the market.
Now.
Wazir: Okay um.
Tim Sackton: So meeting back in the market, the market at this time of day now just past lunch is pretty quiet and it's basically just like these, like you know the the old folk of the town sitting around talking there's one i'm mostly humans, except there's one sort of older lizard folk who.
Tim Sackton: He comes he lives up on the on the cliffs by the.
Tim Sackton: sort of up here by himself he's sort of like the liaison between this town and the lizard folk settlement to the south, but how often come down to the market and, just like chill with the with the town's folk.
Tim Sackton: After lunch he's also like on the older side like pale blue.
Tim Sackton: Hello blue scales like seems to be a little arthritic moves slowly, but you know curious.
Tim Sackton: truck you would probably be aware of him, but possibly not particularly excited to talk to them, given your history.
Trok: yep so the uneasy relationship.
Tim Sackton: With looks like I.
Wazir: was here will sort of.
Wazir: Go.
Wazir: You know, to that, whatever that the local sort of dispensary of liquid refreshment is get around.
Wazir: For you know for everybody and and come back, I mean presumably he knows, most of these people, mostly.
Tim Sackton: yeah yeah.
Wazir: i'll come back to the table and and sort of pass out sit down he'll he'll introduce some kalo and and.
Wazir: Most people would probably know, for you, but.
Wazir: yeah everybody here will introduce.
Wazir: You and truck as well just for those who might not will pass out the drinks will say you know my friend tears in town that was telling about the ocean watchers the towers.
Wazir: And it may be really sort of hankering for some good stories about.
Wazir: about these towers does anybody know what the oldest one is.
Tim Sackton: Ah, you get like various you know the typical like everybody starts arguing like is that now know that like um and you know one sort of older woman who seems to be the person who kind of you know keeps cord is you know says.
Tim Sackton: If you really want to know she says um.
Tim Sackton: You got to either ask.
Tim Sackton: Dan at was the lizard folk you know or or go talk to talk to.
Tim Sackton: i'm sorry hold on go talk to guys.
Tim Sackton: lives.
Tim Sackton: All this living ocean watcher lives up in the towers.
Wazir: matt hardy as.
Wazir: Bennett you want to tell us a story, though.
Tim Sackton: He looks skeptically it truck.
Wazir: Traffic a good boy.
Trok: truck does a extremely toothy grin.
Tim Sackton: Have you been a good boy chalk.
Tim Sackton: i'm honoring his hands.
Trok: I serve the Community.
Wazir: got see him up there.
Wazir: Two weeks ago.
Wazir: Fight now.
Tim Sackton: yeah yeah.
Tim Sackton: I did.
Tim Sackton: I did I water elemental.
Tim Sackton: That was quite the stir.
Trok: Sir.
Tim Sackton: reminds me of a story actually you know.
Tim Sackton: They say that.
Tim Sackton: One of the great mages from long ago.
Tim Sackton: area in the misspeak or how to tower here.
Tim Sackton: You knew that you look like you knew that.
Tim Sackton: heard the rumor I didn't know I bet you didn't know why yeah the Tower here.
Wazir: Think you're gonna tell us.
Tim Sackton: Indeed.
Tim Sackton: looking again at chuck maybe maybe if truck will come visit home.
Tim Sackton: I can share the story.
Tim Sackton: You know your.
Tim Sackton: Family would like to know you're alive and wow.
Trok: So many years that order to see me.
Tim Sackton: I don't think that's true.
Tim Sackton: I tell them occasionally.
Tim Sackton: you're alive and.
Tim Sackton: It matters to them.
Ryu: You kind of leans over truck shoulder and like pat them on the chest truck wants to visit know that the truck.
Tim Sackton: Maybe a letter.
Ryu: A letter first that's a good compromise.
Ryu: You know what I even volunteer to help you with that letter drug.
Trok: What do you think that's a deal.
Tim Sackton: Wonderful.
Tim Sackton: Size takes a step of his beverage.
Tim Sackton: area and they say.
Tim Sackton: was fascinated with water.
Tim Sackton: Strange fascination for a human can't even swim.
Tim Sackton: But he liked to find all the places where.
Tim Sackton: Water was close to this world where the.
Tim Sackton: elemental planes.
Tim Sackton: The great.
Tim Sackton: spend span of the endless ocean we call the endless Ocean is hardly endless.
Tim Sackton: But supposedly there are places, you can go.
Tim Sackton: purest expression of the true elements.
Tim Sackton: Not of this world.
Tim Sackton: An area in haunted places where portals could be opened or closed.
Tim Sackton: And rumor is there are two in harmony.
Tim Sackton: one.
Tim Sackton: where he built his tower.
Tim Sackton: Another was a well on the splinters up north.
Tim Sackton: That was supposedly a well that could draw water, not from here, but from this other plane.
Tim Sackton: And when area and built his tower.
Tim Sackton: He built it to control this this.
Tim Sackton: portal or weak spot, or whatever you call that.
Tim Sackton: And he built a huge tower that was.
Tim Sackton: The bottom half with stone.
Tim Sackton: And the top half was just swirling ice cap frozen permanently by his magic.
Tim Sackton: So they say mists would pour off the.
Tim Sackton: story goes that this ice froze the clouds and there was fog always on the cliffs.
Tim Sackton: But, of course.
Tim Sackton: He vanished after the great war.
Tim Sackton: And when we help these humans shield this place from the blood years that came.
Tim Sackton: The tower mounted.
Tim Sackton: In the stone collapsed.
Ryu: And is there any stories to say.
Ryu: Were there any stories about how they how to use that portal.
Tim Sackton: To use the portal that is indeed ambitious.
Tim Sackton: I did not know anybody who could command that power now.
Tim Sackton: The only one I ever knew who had that seems storm touched in that way was Jasper thunder tree the hassling seller comes through every now and then he could control the storms.
Trok: We met this guy.
Tim Sackton: This is.
Tim Sackton: This is is character for.
Wazir: Isaac ever joins us.
Tim Sackton: Storms sore throat yeah you've heard of me he's.
Tim Sackton: he's here knows him.
Wazir: he's not around now, though, I think.
Tim Sackton: That yeah.
Wazir: He sailed south.
Wazir: haven't seen him back this season, actually, he must be up to something usually is back by now.
Wazir: wow.
Ryu: So lovely well this portal supposed to go to the wall, a dimension of water, the water dimension, where the water elemental.
Tim Sackton: Indeed, yes that's that's the story it's what.
Tim Sackton: Everyone was obsessed with.
Trok: I think i've been there and I think I scraped the heck out of my forehead.
Trok: Trying to swim through a wall as a results.
Tim Sackton: That BAT my boy sounds like one of your.
Tim Sackton: Visions your hallucinations i'm sure you've not been there.
Trok: Oh no not at all if you if you go if you go in this Tower at her to.
It.
Trok: becomes on the inside and enlist expensive water.
Tim Sackton: He looks over it review and with yes, this.
Tim Sackton: Is this true.
Trok: I mean.
Trok: Look at my for.
Wazir: Some.
Wazir: There does seem to be some magic inhabiting errands or tower.
Tim Sackton: fascinate.
them.
Ryu: Why do you do you know.
Ryu: Are you familiar with some of this these achievements.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I just collect stories.
Tim Sackton: no magic is beyond me.
When I.
Tim Sackton: went there few years ago, and nothing like that happened to me.
Wazir: Do you happen to notice any.
Wazir: questions on the wall, when you went there.
Tim Sackton: yeah there was some strange right in.
Wazir: What kind of like this.
Tim Sackton: in deed yes.
Kaleho: This well the other.
Tim Sackton: Ah, the wow so.
Tim Sackton: Tom the splinters that.
Tim Sackton: You wouldn't you would know this, these are the there's like a maybe a two hour sale north of town there's like a series of little rock's just off the coast, and this was you know there's like a you know, a lighthouse there it's it's a dangerous show basically so um.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: um.
Tim Sackton: But it's it's sort of it's close to town right there's probably a couple of water towers there as well, there's like 15 or 16 of these little islands off the rocks and he says.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: The southern most splinter.
Tim Sackton: said that.
Tim Sackton: Aaron could draw water from.
Tim Sackton: Somewhere out.
Tim Sackton: From this other plane.
Tim Sackton: And this well was nobody's ever.
Tim Sackton: found it again.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Tim Sackton: A few young fools have gone looking come back.
Wazir: empty handed there's just.
Tim Sackton: The lighthouse and ruins now.
Tim Sackton: But an area is day it was sad the wow was open and you could.
Tim Sackton: pull water from.
Tim Sackton: anywhere and everywhere.
Tim Sackton: Wherever this.
Tim Sackton: dimension that so fascinated the mages of all.
Trok: fresh water out in the middle of the ocean.
Tim Sackton: Sometimes wow.
Tim Sackton: The story.
Tim Sackton: The story i've heard.
Tim Sackton: A story our ancestors towel, I believe it to be true.
Tim Sackton: side, it was never the same water twice.
Tim Sackton: Sometimes fresh sometimes salt, sometimes in between.
Tim Sackton: And you know the.
Tim Sackton: skilled among us can.
Tim Sackton: Tell where.
Tim Sackton: Can taste the difference between the oceans and the lakes and the rivers and the streams and it was.
Tim Sackton: Never from the same place twice.
Trok: The strange killings.
Tim Sackton: huh yeah it's a string.
Tim Sackton: Often the splinters.
Kaleho: Did you point splinters on the map.
Tim Sackton: So they're not they're not on the map they'd be like they'd be like.
Tim Sackton: Nor do I go north of here.
Kaleho: Oh God.
Tim Sackton: Like following there.
Tim Sackton: Are or maybe here like a little bit off shore, but like a two hour sale North up the coast.
Tim Sackton: Maybe a little closer to that, I mean I mean trump could see them looking North from here so maybe they're like just off the map here.
Wazir: Bennett, thank you for the tale.
Tim Sackton: Surprisingly.
Wazir: not what I had heard before it's always good to hear new tales.
Tim Sackton: Indeed.
Ryu: was no more about this Tower.
Ryu: tower or area.
Tim Sackton: I mean Aaron.
Tim Sackton: have to find a story and I don't know if there are any really in Hungary.
Tim Sackton: it's probably somebody in.
Tim Sackton: But.
Tim Sackton: madden.
Tim Sackton: might know there's lots of charter unions there every now and then or.
Tim Sackton: If you went up went up north to.
Tim Sackton: So higher.
Tim Sackton: it's not.
Tim Sackton: Hardly is not a Center of learning, to be honest.
Tim Sackton: Sure, in the archives of chart and there is much to learn about area and but that's miles and miles and weeks and weeks of selling never bothered to take the journey myself.
Kaleho: I assume we've all communicated our interviews to do each other.
Yes.
Kaleho: mean was there a blacksmith took four.
Kaleho: Or, more current lead.
Ryu: Wait, why are you looking for a blacksmith.
Wazir: One of the.
Wazir: This this the scroll writer, the men were after was looking for somebody to make something out of lead for him.
To.
Wazir: Ask too many questions.
Kaleho: To do I no offense in this town him.
Tim Sackton: So you don't know a fence exactly but actually both of you both kayla and was here would know that there's a there's a.
Tim Sackton: poor man, woman Smith named a veena.
Tim Sackton: Who is kind of.
Tim Sackton: You know her her shop is like on in cliff side, but like real close to the sharks Doc over here.
Tim Sackton: And she is she's kind of loner I mean she's one of the very few dwarves and, possibly, the only dwarf and omri doesn't really talk to people much one of the few smith's.
Tim Sackton: Was there who's not like you know, most of the smiths around here like look up to you is basically like them right you're the one they go to she's like kind of.
Tim Sackton: Never you've never really connected, which is sort of unusual and you know and kalo like you know, this is the person who you know.
Tim Sackton: not exactly a fence, but like if you have some questionable gold, or you know you've come across some you know, a silver ring, that you will them down and turn into trade bars that you know, nobody will you know.
Tim Sackton: Follow something like that she's the one that you know you would go to.
Ryu: All the cryptocurrency and lottery.
Kaleho: Does she know me.
Tim Sackton: um you'd probably have met her yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean you've been through hungry and off you probably have at one point or another had some dubious goods to exchange so.
Tim Sackton: um.
Tim Sackton: So yeah she would probably know you I mean it obviously she probably would know of all of you right, I mean you're all fairly famous.
Wazir: It was also yeah as who was just mentioned Bennett.
Wazir: Right, yes, the the oldest ocean watch her.
Ryu: It was like that'd be a good person to talk to us for fun yes.
Wazir: and
Wazir: Is there anyone else, I still I still wonder if.
selfie with know anything.
Wazir: about the boat.
Ryu: wonder who.
Wazir: Sophie the the woman who like is the ship she's like the shipbuilding magnate.
Kaleho: Like the hips.
Wazir: Queen of ships, she like.
Wazir: builds she like owns all the after all the shipyards and half the docks and.
Wazir: she's like the.
Ryu: will let you know our men drove a phantom boat through the shoals either the shoals have a passage we don't know about.
Ryu: Or the boat can travel through yeah.
Wazir: The shark stock might be worth poking around to.
Ryu: What is by the way.
Trok: Oh yeah.
Tim Sackton: yeah it's like the CD it's like the so like the in on the map here right, like most of those ships to tie up on like this part of the harbor is like the Nice part of the harbor.
Tim Sackton: This is, these are called the shark's teeth these islands that are out here, and the sharks Doc is like the oldest and most rundown.
Tim Sackton: Of the docs it's a little bit tricky to navigate to because you have to make this sharp turn along the edge of the sharks Doc edge of the shark's teeth so it's kinda like the.
Tim Sackton: name the sharks Doc because it's close to the shark's teeth, but it's also like the sort of CD Doc.
Ryu: got it.
Kaleho: With a quick break.
Tim Sackton: Yes, that's a good idea.
Wazir: sounds good.
Ryu: whoa.
hey.
Ryu: The scrolls you put the scrolls aside the the.
Ryu: model for the neck.
Ryu: Okay.
Ryu: Oh wow yeah.
Ryu: Oh wow that will be Asia yeah.
So.
Tim Sackton: hey.
Ryu: I kind of missed apart.
Ryu: So the in the wazir kill whole thing like like who died there was a bunch of people that died.
Tim Sackton: as well, nobody knows exactly who, but they were um you know.
Tim Sackton: Basically, got the addicts who lived in the in the drawn flats and, like the the poorest part of town.
Ryu: But there was a bit, and then they said the Tower collapse like areas tower class.
Tim Sackton: Ah, the.
Tim Sackton: yeah that was um so like the so areas, the story that Ben at told was that, like hundreds of years ago aaron's tower was partly made of stone, but then the upper floors are all made of solid is.
Tim Sackton: Right maintained by magic, and he vanished after the Great War and the Tower collapsed.
Ryu: But didn't the kid say that the Tower collapse like recently.
Tim Sackton: Oh, the know, there was a.
Tim Sackton: house built out over pilings in the town flats that collapsed.
Ryu: Oh.
Tim Sackton: And that's where the people went missing.
Ryu: got it okay.
Tim Sackton: or died, but nobody got it.
Ryu: Okay.
um.
Tim Sackton: What is that.
Trok: machine learning generated tavern interior, with a skeletal Leviathan hanging from this that's.
Tim Sackton: pretty good actually.
Ryu: That is pretty good but where's the site, how do I do this out of business.
Trok: it's um it's not so easy to use.
Trok: But here's the link and it's in Spanish, for some reason, but basically.
Trok: You to go down to where it says.
Trok: bye but i'm it throws and then edit the text field.
Tim Sackton: You tried one art breeder.
Tim Sackton: landscape, by the way, so def con this this one is awesome for making poor kids are.
Trok: readers that is like yeah that first one is just a Co lab notebooks it's like some Python code and it will generate stuff like this if you put in the right prompt it's amazing.
Trok: Art breeder is like a whole website, you can sign up for and like edit the genes of pictures and generate stuff and we'll see if.
Ryu: I shared a bunch of these pictures.
Trok: yeah it's it's a machine learning system that.
Trok: it's just like.
Wazir: But like you have like that picture I posted it was here it's just like I made an operator it's like you tweak the like white or black or Asian or indiana you tweak the happy, are they.
Wazir: angry gene or, like all these other things and.
Tim Sackton: Then it so like here's um.
Trok: i've shown some stuff that I generated with our readers on as in backgrounds before.
Wazir: I haven't played in the case at all.
Trok: But i've done a bunch of landscapes you seen them actually.
Wazir: yeah yeah.
Trok: um I was just I was just showing one actually oh no.
Trok: like this one.
Trok: But it's like a few tweak the genes a little bit you can get this or this or this.
Trok: yeah love this stuff.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so Where are you heading.
Wazir: um.
Wazir: I think we should.
Wazir: I wonder if Klaus should go and talk to.
Wazir: The Smith, I forget her name.
Tim Sackton: Of INA.
Wazir: And, in the meantime.
Wazir: I mean we could all split up again somebody could go talk to ya as somebody it was Erica go talk to Sophie and co could go talk to veena we could meet up and poke around the sharks Doc in an hour.
Wazir: Or we stay together but.
Kaleho: It could do different pairings just for the role play variety like.
Right.
Kaleho: yeah yeah we we was how are we going different pairs of to.
Wazir: yeah I mean I don't know that I tried bring like selfies like she's like one of the richest people in.
Wazir: Riyadh it off, I tried to bring truck.
Kaleho: To her i'll take.
Kaleho: i'll take truck.
Kaleho: To the HR Smith.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
Tim Sackton: So kalo and truck are heading to the blacksmith was here and re you are going to try to get an audience with um.
Tim Sackton: With.
Tim Sackton: Sophie yep.
Tim Sackton: And then you're going to meet so next time you meet it will be probably like late afternoon.
Tim Sackton: yeah I think stock yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So I mean kayla you know where this you know where this smith's where a Venus shop is it's um.
Tim Sackton: You know she she lives, she lives above the shop and it's like sort of it's architecturally unusual for the town, I mean most of this town is like you know.
Tim Sackton: You know, would would building sometimes sometimes was stolen some stone, but a lot of like.
Tim Sackton: You know there's huge pine forests just up in the cliffs just just like a mile from shore so like everything's just built with that, but this This is like almost you know carved into the side of the cliff you know we're oven square blocks square limestone block blacksmith forge.
Tim Sackton: And you walk in and she's you know she's in the middle of working on something i'm banging away it's hot it's you know August and it's sweaty and there's this you know i'm.
Tim Sackton: sort of me, you know indeterminate age 12 ish woman.
Tim Sackton: Read braided hair sort of tied back wearing dislike leather a brand faces all sort of Saudi and dirty and she looks up yes.
Tim Sackton: Oh, Sir kalo.
Tim Sackton: what's man, a man oh veena.
veena.
Kaleho: veena it's been a while.
Tim Sackton: Indeed, are you on business or pleasure.
Kaleho: mixture of both there could be future business for you.
Tim Sackton: i'm listening.
Tim Sackton: And this is a.
pointing this is.
Kaleho: This is chalk chalk.
Tim Sackton: I have i've heard of you.
Tim Sackton: it's nice to see another non human around.
Trok: Whether you.
Tim Sackton: A few good ones, you know.
Tim Sackton: So so.
Kaleho: i'm looking for somebody who was looking for a lead.
Kaleho: And maybe a blacksmith to use the lack.
Tim Sackton: She looks up and you I mean you can tell, given your you know your training and your passive insight that you know, like this rings a bell but she's trying not to say anything immediately.
Kaleho: I can make sure future business goes through you.
Tim Sackton: Why do you want to know exactly.
Tim Sackton: Because I do also have a reputation to maintain, as you are aware.
Kaleho: If this guy succeeds, or this guy fails either way he's never coming back to this town.
Tim Sackton: How can you be so sure.
Kaleho: we've been following him for a while.
and
Kaleho: he's trying to create something and flee.
Kaleho: or he's going to create something and fail he's not gonna.
Tim Sackton: He seemed.
Tim Sackton: not right in the head.
Kaleho: he's doing some horrible shit from what we know.
Tim Sackton: haven't we all.
Kaleho: nah not like this.
Kaleho: This isn't for.
Kaleho: gold or love, or maybe that's for a while, but it's not not what we would do.
Kaleho: You don't want to be mixed up in this.
Tim Sackton: I was very dubious of his request.
Kaleho: What was is required, he.
Tim Sackton: Paid extremely well.
Tim Sackton: He wanted a box.
Tim Sackton: lined completely with lead.
Tim Sackton: He said.
Tim Sackton: He said he couldn't take the dreams anymore, and you needed to stop the knife from talking to them.
Tim Sackton: I said that's an extremely valuable ring you just gave me.
Tim Sackton: and nothing else.
Tim Sackton: it's almost done, I think he'll be back tomorrow to pick it up.
Tim Sackton: points in the corner there's like this wooden chest, that is, like has a.
Tim Sackton: You know, a quarter inch.
Tim Sackton: Know maybe like an inch thick lining of lead, like completely coating the inside of the chest, and you close it like it completely seals off it looks like it's about you know slightly bigger than a breadbox big enough that you could fit like.
Tim Sackton: I don't know like like you're automatically but, like a loaf of bread, but it's not huge it's not something that you could fit um.
Tim Sackton: But it's been carefully constructed so that there's like internal hinges as well, so you can like tighten it down and snap it shot in the two pieces of land that form the.
Tim Sackton: The the hinge side, and then the opening side like meet perfectly in our exactly smooth so that they when they meet you can't you can't even see that there's a seam it it's actually a pretty nice piece of handiwork.
Kaleho: This is excellent work.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Kaleho: Not that expect anything less have you do, you have you melted down that rain, could I look at it.
Tim Sackton: it's a you can look at the pieces.
Tim Sackton: She brings out like this on.
Tim Sackton: A plane gold ring and then obviously having been taken off the ring the ring has been like smoothed out there's three small gems one.
Tim Sackton: All of them like.
Tim Sackton: bluish sapphires like these are valuable gems.
Tim Sackton: And that they've been it's been it's been separate apart, so that you've got the plane gold ring, and then the three sapphires separately still thinking about what i'm going to make with these maybe maybe some earrings.
Tim Sackton: I betta somebody Salafi might buy something like that.
Kaleho: These are beautiful.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: pretty penny.
Tim Sackton: Like.
Tim Sackton: hundred times more than what that lead cost me to make.
Kaleho: you're a good business woman.
Kaleho: What his face look like.
Tim Sackton: Old and looked tired Gray scraggly hair.
Tim Sackton: unkempt beer dirty.
Kaleho: Did you did you smell, like our like track here.
Tim Sackton: smelled like.
Tim Sackton: Fish in garbage and.
Tim Sackton: stink.
Tim Sackton: cannon been bathed in.
Tim Sackton: Mind months.
Trok: that's not so surprising.
Trok: Who is he going to put in this box and a knife, is that we said.
Tim Sackton: He didn't say and I didn't ask.
Trok: How did he how did he give you the you know this dimension, the size.
Tim Sackton: drew it out.
Trok: hmm.
Tim Sackton: Right, he was talking about a knife.
Tim Sackton: said I need to shut up a knife.
Tim Sackton: keep talking to me.
Trok: don't talk.
Tim Sackton: not yet matt, one that does.
Kaleho: Is there anything else we should know.
Tim Sackton: You owe me a favor.
Kaleho: I owe you a big favor.
Tim Sackton: expecting some nice business.
Tim Sackton: Some.
Kaleho: Business and in some of my friends business will go your way.
Tim Sackton: Always pleasure.
Tim Sackton: truck nice to finally meet you.
Trok: I bow awkwardly.
Tim Sackton: So while they're making their way back to the sharks Doc.
Tim Sackton: was here and review, you had up cliffside like up these like steep switch back trails i'm to glitter cliff this like like nearly to the top nearly up to the towers i'm the.
Tim Sackton: This like big open terrorists that, as these like for really nice.
Tim Sackton: fancy houses, some of the richest and fanciest houses in town, one of which is was ears family and one of which is.
Tim Sackton: sophie's house.
Tim Sackton: She.
Tim Sackton: So I mean was here you mean you are known to her well enough that, like the you know the.
Tim Sackton: Major dumbo whoever at the.
Tim Sackton: So these are these like are you know, there are four houses there.
Tim Sackton: There sat back a little bit so they all have like.
Tim Sackton: You know sort of entry courtyard areas with you know all of them are guarded, and so the guard is like.
Tim Sackton: Man I.
Tim Sackton: know the nature of your business was here self is, as always, quite busy.
Wazir: I think.
Wazir: Something might have.
Wazir: happened that her Doc that she should know about.
Wazir: A ship.
Wazir: That shouldn't have been there that perhaps she's curious about.
Tim Sackton: I will see if she can spare some time.
Tim Sackton: you've inquired at the guard at the toll house.
Wazir: They had not seen this ship when I asked last time, but have not inquired carefully there, I thought i'd.
Wazir: it's been a while, since i've had the pleasure of selfies company, I thought i'd use it as an excuse.
Tim Sackton: make a persuasion check.
Wazir: This is not a night for rolling well i'm social roles, or I really had any rules.
Tim Sackton: He says, I I will ask but.
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: i'm.
Trok: Real it's out of pocket.
Tim Sackton: He comes back up about five minutes later and says.
Tim Sackton: salvi is.
Tim Sackton: engaged at the moment but bids me to pass on the news that she is unaware of any strange ships and, should you see strange ships, please inform her guards immediately, so they may ensure that the proper fees and tours are collected.
Tim Sackton: And thank you for your attention and then she says, and to you, is here she says.
Tim Sackton: Indeed, it would be nice some time.
Tim Sackton: To.
Tim Sackton: Take T.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps.
Tim Sackton: And he gives a date like eight days, hence Perhaps he would come this afternoon.
Tim Sackton: On that date.
Tim Sackton: For a brief to.
Wazir: Perhaps I will see.
Wazir: If there are no crises in the ocean.
Tim Sackton: As always, we appreciate your attention to these.
Tim Sackton: crises.
Ryu: what's what's the guy's name again.
Wazir: guard.
Tim Sackton: doesn't like.
Ryu: It.
Ryu: yeah really kind of a sudden were invited to right.
Tim Sackton: She did not mention you, sir.
Ryu: Well, you know I am right.
Ryu: right on a shoulder.
Tim Sackton: Yes, I I recognize you everybody knows you for you.
Ryu: Seeing if we were invited for tea as well just felt a little you know.
Ryu: left out.
Tim Sackton: I am a simple servant, sir.
Ryu: Real like like you know it hits them on it, I hit some on the hip with the staff i'm just playing with you don't worry about it.
Ryu: He turns around.
Tim Sackton: He looks quite nervous.
Tim Sackton: And that relieved.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so it's now like five in the afternoon approaching, I mean it's August so gets dark maybe seven ish 730.
Ryu: As well as we're walking back re is just like so that one well.
Wazir: yeah should have sent a letter, first, I guess.
Ryu: I thought you I thought you rich guys all knew each other well like you don't you all like you know don't you all like hang out and have secret codes and stuff like that, like what was that why didn't that work.
Wazir: wow as, as you know.
Wazir: Rio I I did a badge and my family for many years.
Ryu: And yeah you're not really a charmer yeah.
Wazir: And the.
Wazir: My my acceptance that these rarefied heights has been.
Ryu: torturous.
Wazir: slow and frankly.
Wazir: it's nicer down below.
Ryu: You like it with us common people I appreciate that about you.
Wazir: The reason I built the end where I did.
Ryu: Well, see if shocking shocking kill any better luck.
Tim Sackton: So you meet on the shark stock which is like I mean it's a rickety you know it is it's the heat of the summer and it's like you know late afternoon there are actually people diving off the dock and swimming and it's a.
Tim Sackton: You know it's a, it is a place where like you know the common folk do go to swim occasionally um you know after work after you know the heat of the day.
Tim Sackton: So there are some bustle of activity, but it's a place where there's like lots of little nooks and crannies and things and all and warehouses, and so you can sort of get together, you know, in a little out of the way place.
Wazir: Where are we here, so we were told that the boat dock here.
Wazir: That what what's his name ogden.
yep.
Trok: or like or once.
Trok: said it, it came here and then left again that's all he knew I think.
Trok: But for sure it headed here.
Wazir: Although.
Wazir: Perhaps we're overthinking this if our mysterious scroll writer is returning to a Venus to.
Wazir: collect his goods.
Ryu: tomorrow.
Wazir: Why not just ambush him there.
Ryu: I mean ambush why, why do you soon we're gonna have to fight.
Wazir: an ambush doesn't always end in a fight.
Ryu: Why can't we just have a conversation was here.
Wazir: I think I prefer if the conversation started with us not seen and.
Wazir: didn't involve.
Wazir: him having the opportunity to run off.
Ryu: there.
Ryu: um.
Ryu: You know i'll have blue keep an eye out for him in the morning on the circle around see if we can see any any sign of them.
Kaleho: Is there any place to hide near the entrance around the way to it it's kind of up a ways right.
Tim Sackton: So there's not really a place to hide right around.
Tim Sackton: Of Venus.
Tim Sackton: shop.
Tim Sackton: um it sort of opens on to a relatively open area, you know sort of on the edge of a cliff side there's plenty of places to hide around the sharks dock that are sort of within sight of the shop.
Tim Sackton: I mean you also get the sense of you know, would not be too happy if you.
Tim Sackton: yeah ambush this guy in our shop.
Kaleho: yeah we can't be in our shop, we have to respect our friend.
Tim Sackton: So what's your plan.
Ryu: I don't wanna I mean, are you guys curious about these shoals like a you can just like.
Ryu: Do you think that the boat pass through it.
Ryu: Or do you think that you can that the shoal is actually.
Ryu: I guess I can send Turk out to go have a look.
Wazir: i'll do that.
Ryu: i'll do this I sent her out, I have to go and go and investigate the shoals.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I mean you've you've been passed, these shows.
Ryu: Many times.
Ryu: I know the show super well, but I don't think I may have never tried to swim directly into them.
Tim Sackton: Know probably haven't actually given.
Tim Sackton: That would be like completely foolhardy.
Ryu: that's awesome so I also sent her out just to like kind of poke around there and see if it's actually rocks or not.
Tim Sackton: Okay, now it is actually rocks I mean i'm.
Ryu: Okay let's get to know.
Trok: So this.
Trok: This old guy living in the former wizards tower.
Trok: Has a phantom ship that he uses.
Trok: to buy lead boxes to keep the knife from talking.
Trok: Net somehow.
Trok: it's gonna help us.
Trok: protect the town.
Trok: From talking fish know.
From.
Trok: tiny vial of.
Ryu: sentience water.
Trok: How does this all come.
Wazir: So this this.
Trok: I gotta go smoke on the robot you guys.
Wazir: This guy.
Wazir: seems to have killed taken the bodies of several folk.
Ryu: Why do you think that was here.
Trok: it's in the scroll.
Trok: he's trying to.
Trok: resurrect his dead wife by.
Trok: Water out of their mouth.
Wazir: kids his dead wife and kids yeah.
Wazir: Man, I think that that.
Wazir: Six people in that drown flats word children a collapse.
Wazir: Building bodies never found.
Trok: So, probably this guy's behind that unless.
Wazir: It was poking around.
Trok: Unless we're mixing things up are there, multiple actors, maybe this guy that would lead boxes on our side.
Kaleho: There is somebody who the he is scared of.
Kaleho: The.
Kaleho: Air man i'm messa is angry.
Wazir: And he says the genie summit.
Kaleho: yeah i'm.
Wazir: done with the water creature you saw kalo.
Wazir: I think he summons and a message that go steal the sentence ocean.
Kaleho: He has 1001 days, three years.
Trok: For.
Wazir: The master clearly did not like doing what she did, although I suspect i'm just guessing here, but I think that ring.
Trok: A Venus off.
And he gave to a veena.
Wazir: Is the.
Wazir: Is the is the ring of control airlines ring.
Wazir: mighty what is magical what a mess up might have destroyed the magic but.
Wazir: It might be worth checking that.
Trok: And what does that ring.
Wazir: A veto might have destroyed the magic.
Wazir: Well Mike.
Wazir: hello, can you give us cast the tight like.
Wazir: yeah he's really tall with with you.
Wazir: wearing detect magic it's kind of useless, not to have that spell.
Kaleho: I I know nothing of of magic it looks normal to me look normal to the blacksmith but this could be powerful magic that obscures, just like the boat can be obscured from somebody.
Wazir: To artifices even get the text magic.
Wazir: I forget how do I spell I don't even know I don't really know how I my spells work I don't know if I can learn to take magic.
Ryu: It but why did they, why did they want the Center notion why they want it, though, so.
Wazir: I think.
Wazir: I think so, first of all, I think the knife, the thing that's haunting his dreams is guys okay.
Trok: Which is what.
Wazir: The creature in this scroll that's actually doing it's actually I think controlling him at some level.
Trok: Is a knife.
Wazir: I don't know if it's a knife it's a it's a somebody.
Kaleho: Right, you have to make sacrifices to it.
Wazir: But guys oka I think is the is the true the true danger here.
Wazir: A lot of us grow writer.
Trok: doesn't coach Co.
Wazir: guys on camera.
Trok: And suddenly that name sounds a little bit lizard ish.
Wazir: got some color fills his dreams with turbulent never ending seek guys and cola has an ulterior motive.
Trok: hey TIM is is this in fact a.
Trok: lizard lore related thing.
Tim Sackton: Nothing that you've heard of before.
Ryu: Wait so this this this same.
Ryu: illusion of the end the seat up.
Wazir: You guess what I can cast the tech magic.
Wazir: I even had an unprepared style slot that I just click the tech magic with.
Trok: What a coincidence.
Wazir: What a coincidence.
Trok: But we're not in the blackness shop anymore.
Wazir: yeah but it might be worth knocking on her door and and.
Kaleho: She talked to you.
Wazir: Think she'd um yeah I think so.
Kaleho: You may need to.
Trok: Such a charmer.
Kaleho: Be prepared the she's a businesswoman.
Kaleho: So.
Wazir: i'm simply going to offer to see if she has an unexpectedly powerful magic item in your possession or not.
Wazir: Who would say no to that.
Kaleho: it's more valuable to her if it's magical.
Wazir: i'm going to go knock on her door.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so what is so was there is going to knock.
Wazir: I mean you guys can come up callow you might I think I think we find out what the story with the ring is first.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Wazir: And then I think we can make better plans, because.
Wazir: there's a few other things i'd actually like to investigate.
Wazir: Amongst her stuff let's see how this goes.
Tim Sackton: Ah, she are all of you, going.
Ryu: I am not gonna go.
Kaleho: Oh, I know her.
Oh.
Ryu: yeah let's go let's go hang up by the let's go try to find yes.
Wazir: Oh yeah that's a good idea.
Wazir: You should go play yes.
Ryu: Good calls go to the toilet because, like we're like we're getting it's getting late like.
Kaleho: Yes.
Wazir: let's go back.
Tim Sackton: Like all this.
Tim Sackton: Oh gotcha towers.
Tim Sackton: let's go find yes okay so was here and kind of knock on.
Tim Sackton: On.
Tim Sackton: A Venus door again, and she opens it up and initially says sees Claire is like up what are you doing back and then sees zero like what are you doing here.
Wazir: dina.
Tim Sackton: veena veena.
Wazir: I would tell her name I just heard.
Wazir: A veena.
Wazir: kill here.
Wazir: mentioned that you had a very valuable ring.
Tim Sackton: And, did you now cow.
Kaleho: I think we can help you make more money here i'm out you have much to gain by this.
Wazir: i'm in exchange, so there is a i've been chasing a rumor of a possibly magical.
Wazir: i'd like to make a deal with you.
Wazir: I will detect magic and tell you, if your ring is magical and exchange All I ask is.
Wazir: 20 minutes to inspect it and also inspect the box, that you are building.
Tim Sackton: Come outside.
Tim Sackton: carry that.
Trok: goes now.
Tim Sackton: She puts the ring in the box carries it outside.
Tim Sackton: opens the box says fine closes her doors that's fine.
Tim Sackton: I don't think it's magic but.
Tim Sackton: i'm not going to get in your way.
Tim Sackton: Was the air.
Wazir: I appreciate, I appreciate you, as always, for your charming grace.
Tim Sackton: So you cast the magic yeah.
Wazir: cast as a ritual right okay.
Tim Sackton: So you did that, before you came in.
Tim Sackton: The ring is not magical.
Wazir: Does the box.
Trok: well.
Wazir: So I don't I didn't really think the rain was this I don't think it was still magical things does the box block magic.
Wazir: I will.
Tim Sackton: Yes, yes okay.
Wazir: To is the ring, by any chance, look like it used to be magical is there any lingering.
Tim Sackton: Are kind of check.
Tim Sackton: I mean it's been taken apart i'm not really sure about the ring.
Tim Sackton: The one thing that you would say is that, like the so there's three sapphires there's one bigger one and two smaller.
Wazir: ones, the.
Tim Sackton: If anything, used to be magical it was probably the bigger sapphire.
Wazir: Second question is the ring it seems all does it like is it is it I guess it's a point gold band right.
Tim Sackton: Well it's been melted down and reformed into a plain old bed, and whatever it was before it's no longer terminal right.
Wazir: Not super useful then.
Okay.
Wazir: um so possibly one of the sapphires used to be magical but is not still.
Wazir: um the box how big is it exactly.
Tim Sackton: Like.
Tim Sackton: I don't know like that, or you can't really see like slightly bigger than a breadbox okay.
Wazir: And I guess.
Wazir: Like I mean it's just led wind, but otherwise nothing interesting about it.
Wazir: yeah okay so it's like.
Tim Sackton: A plane plane what in solid wood in chest mind with Latin.
Wazir: Nothing very much to learn.
Ryu: Well, now we're learning that legend black magic.
Ryu: Okay.
Wazir: it's it's I mean that is a thing.
Tim Sackton: yeah that is a thing.
Tim Sackton: That can have a layer of lead.
Tim Sackton: can block magic.
Wazir: But this is at least is clearly is a thick enough, where I mean I did, it would succeed.
Wazir: Yes, all right.
Ryu: Do we find yes TIM.
Tim Sackton: yeah so I mean you've you've probably heard of him at least.
Ryu: uh yeah try and track and I should know where he is.
Tim Sackton: yeah so he lives in the towers like up at the top of that i'm.
Tim Sackton: up at the top here, and so you sort of come up this way, and you make your way to his tower he lives.
Tim Sackton: He lives like this, these ones like here are like the one still maintained by the town and he lives sort of out out here like.
Tim Sackton: One of the taller and and better maintained wooden wooden towers and you actually as you approach, you can see that he is.
Tim Sackton: sitting so so this this particular tower has like like a little windows walk on the top like not only is there, like enclosed interior watching platform that has big windows, but there's this like fenced in platform on the top of the roof itself that is.
Tim Sackton: That is just completely open but but also a place where you can watch and you can see that he so he's sitting.
Tim Sackton: meditating on at or watching out on the ocean at the.
Tim Sackton: very, very top of the of the tower and he is I mean he's quite old he's like a much older dude i'm wearing these grey clothes, you know Gray robes.
Tim Sackton: you're tied around his waist human.
Tim Sackton: Short white hair.
Tim Sackton: Slightly type like you know short white hair like slightly longer in the back i'm tied in not in a sort of thin ponytail.
Tim Sackton: sort of pale wrinkled skin.
Tim Sackton: Turn you know.
Tim Sackton: turns as you approach.
Tim Sackton: And kind of looks you know turns from the ocean and and looks down at you.
Tim Sackton: just waiting.
Ryu: hell, yes it's real and truck.
Tim Sackton: He sort of.
Tim Sackton: leans lean on is on the railing at a minute and says.
Tim Sackton: The sun will be setting Satan.
Tim Sackton: Come sit with me.
Ryu: It would be an honor.
Ryu: climb up the tower.
Tim Sackton: So this particular tower has a like there's a you go in there's like an open archway and then a staircase that goes, all the way around to the top and then there's like an inner tower that is like his private living space.
Ryu: Is there like an epic view of the sunset.
Tim Sackton: yeah there's an incredible view um so so you're looking out you're looking basically do West the sun is going straight into the ocean um.
Tim Sackton: You know he's watching there's a there's a part of Wales far in the distance and you can see their their spray from the.
Tim Sackton: From the blow and he actually turns when you arrive at the top, the first thing he does he turns to to blue I assume wait.
Ryu: yeah.
Tim Sackton: I assumed blue was back right because.
Ryu: Blue is black yeah but it's bad yeah.
Tim Sackton: He says greetings, it is an honor to welcome you.
Tim Sackton: and your human companions.
Ryu: kaku.
set.
Ryu: Blue blue kind of you know flies happily around yes.
Tim Sackton: And he just sits down, looking at the ocean.
Ryu: I can see why you picked this as your tower, this has got to be one of the best views and all omri.
Tim Sackton: It is just.
Tim Sackton: Watch, we can talk when it's dark.
Ryu: let's watch then.
Tim Sackton: You set for you know 20 minutes, with the sun slowly slowly sinks into the ocean.
Later this time.
Ryu: During that this 20 minutes I like I basically tell blue just go go play go do whatever you want and blue like starts taking off and you know heads down flying over the water and then at some point as he's like flying over the water like turns into a shark and my fault like.
Ryu: Like goes cruises and then goes into the water but.
Ryu: Like disappears as a shark.
Ryu: And Ross who saw.
Ryu: yeah i'm curious, would you as his reaction is when he when he watches that when he sees that.
Tim Sackton: He he sort of chuckles smiles.
Tim Sackton: And after the sunsets he you know in this sort of afterglow of the sunset he turns and looks at you and.
Tim Sackton: What brings you here, besides the view.
Ryu: well.
Ryu: There are some strange things happening, I mean they're always strange things happening, it seems, but um you may have seen last week truck myself was here, we were involved in a.
Ryu: battle, but the was.
Ryu: awful yeah yeah.
Ryu: It would appear that the appearance of that water elemental may have something to do with.
Ryu: A fellow and a gentleman older man, an old now he's been living in what we've been learning is.
Ryu: what's the name of the wizard again as your.
Ryu: varian air in areas old tower, did you know about this area is old tower on the North side of the point.
I know.
Tim Sackton: A little.
Tim Sackton: hey.
Tim Sackton: I have heard of of the wow as well on the splinters.
Tim Sackton: Is that what you've heard you.
Ryu: I mean that's part of the story, we were learning about have you been to the well.
Tim Sackton: In my youth when I could travel, yes I look for it, like many do I.
Tim Sackton: could not find it.
Tim Sackton: I think it may be gone.
Tim Sackton: But there is.
Tim Sackton: Something that lingers there on the splinters some taste in the air.
Trok: What do you think it means.
Tim Sackton: I.
Tim Sackton: am not one to.
Tim Sackton: ascribe meaning to things, it is a.
Tim Sackton: It is a mystery like much of what we see out there.
Some mystery like your friend.
Tim Sackton: Who can.
Tim Sackton: Be many things at once, some mystery like the.
Tim Sackton: Strange things that.
Tim Sackton: come from the West.
Tim Sackton: Was.
Tim Sackton: Different it was a place not like this place not like this world.
Tim Sackton: But what does any of this mean it means the world is much bigger than any of us.
Tim Sackton: there's more to it than our mortal minds can understand and there always will be.
Trok: seen anything strange come out of the West lately.
Tim Sackton: I thought was strange.
Tim Sackton: 10 days ago.
Tim Sackton: That battle.
Ryu: The scene in the other strange boats.
Ryu: Boats second pass through the shoals.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: That would indeed be strange.
Ryu: Part of what's really strange as whoever's been living in areas old tower we think he's been around.
Ryu: We think he's got a boat that can pass through rock.
Ryu: We think he somehow connected to that.
Ryu: Water elemental.
Ryu: We think he may even be responsible for the murder of some.
Ryu: Some people down by the drown flats.
Ryu: and
Ryu: If there's anything that you know or that you've seen we'd be keen to learn about it.
Tim Sackton: What have I seen well.
Tim Sackton: See the sunset every day.
Tim Sackton: See the wells the dolphins.
Tim Sackton: Flying fish sometimes.
Tim Sackton: You don't know what i've seen that might be.
Tim Sackton: Connected to all this.
Ryu: Is there anything else you know about the Tower aaron's tower.
Ryu: It must have been here, as long as you can remember.
Tim Sackton: I was always more fascinated in these stories of this well.
Ryu: Tell us more than why were you interested in this well as a child.
Tim Sackton: wow.
Ryu: How can we find it.
I.
Tim Sackton: don't know if one can still find it but.
Tim Sackton: There is an old, the only structures on the splinters that i'm aware of our.
Tim Sackton: The lighthouse.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: An old watchers tower, one of the old so.
Tim Sackton: That.
Tim Sackton: No, I explored in my youth once and it seemed.
Tim Sackton: Like a much older tower than.
Tim Sackton: The rest of the.
Tim Sackton: towers around here.
Sorry.
Tim Sackton: But the story is of the wow of a place where you could draw water from anywhere.
Tim Sackton: has been fascinated by water by the tales of.
Tim Sackton: What may live fire to the West, the rumors of a of an ocean, that is somehow alive.
Tim Sackton: And I wondered if Perhaps this could be a way to.
Tim Sackton: Get.
Tim Sackton: That water.
Tim Sackton: Always.
Tim Sackton: desperately wanted to know what a living ocean sounds like or smells like what does that even mean living ocean, the Ocean is already alive.
Ryu: What if I told you guys that we held that bottle a bottle of this living ocean and that the folks that we ran into swallowed it and drag it and swim back to wherever it came from far out to the West.
Tim Sackton: amazing.
Ryu: I held it in my hand I was tempted to drink it myself at this say.
Tim Sackton: I would have.
Ryu: On kind of regretful that I didn't, to be honest.
Tim Sackton: What would.
Tim Sackton: What would it.
Ryu: I don't fucking mountain man, but it would have been pretty cool.
Ryu: it's probably my biggest regret for eight.
Ryu: Not drinking that bottle.
ever.
Tim Sackton: sell out West and learn more.
Tim Sackton: I would love to know.
Ryu: Yes, you should come down with me and truck some time will take you out Far West.
Tim Sackton: I don't know us a long journey is in these old bones anymore.
Ryu: Up pretty good with us.
Trok: and blue one last great adventure.
Tim Sackton: Maybe hey.
Ryu: Meta game was there anything else we're supposed to ask you, as now.
Wazir: I am yeah I can't think of anything else.
Just old hours.
Ryu: and
Ryu: Let me know if there's any kind of what kind of fish, you like.
Tim Sackton: Well, my favorite is.
Tim Sackton: In the spring, when the herring run.
Tim Sackton: pets in a bunch of those.
Tim Sackton: saw tagging them.
Tim Sackton: On some nice fresh bread.
Ryu: i'll bring you something goodness week.
Ryu: i'll go next time I got for official be sure to come by, but only if you let us watch the sunset with you.
Tim Sackton: I would welcome the company.
Ryu: will be back.
Tim Sackton: Bring blue.
Ryu: I think a blue probably visits here more than I think than I even know have.
Tim Sackton: have seen.
Tim Sackton: I have seen strange osprey flying out far against the sun.
might be.
Tim Sackton: Some time to.
Tim Sackton: fly out at sunset to watch the sun from the ocean.
Ryu: You does but there may be other aspects you like him, I don't know.
Ryu: hmm keep an eye out for me thing.
Tim Sackton: I well.
Ryu: you've been out for me.
Ryu: All right.
Ryu: Where are we meeting.
Tim Sackton: I mean now now it's like dark right i'm guessing you're probably meeting.
Tim Sackton: By Leviathan.
yeah.
Kaleho: So we're back at the Leviathan.
Tim Sackton: So spot fire.
Kaleho: So what's the plan for tomorrow.
Do we.
ambush.
Wazir: I think.
Wazir: I think, so I think talking to this.
Wazir: To this old man.
Wazir: who's tired of the perhaps he is trapped cursed by some power, he doesn't know to.
Wazir: Do you think you know rugrats.
Ryu: Well, I wonder if that voice is communicating to them through a night that he puts them inside that box will get some sleep.
Wazir: But I think the knife cannot.
Wazir: That is the case, the knife is probably not safe just laughed.
Wazir: In a box.
Wazir: throw it in the ocean whatever he plans to do with it.
Ryu: yeah.
Ryu: well.
Kaleho: Do you think he'll bring the knife with them.
Wazir: Now it's good question.
Ryu: Perhaps we.
Ryu: Try to make this a less threatening encounter if we can.
Ryu: But we prepare ourselves in the event, we need to take any kind of action, but I mean five on one he's an old man I don't.
Kaleho: Know man that murdered people destroy the building some in an elemental.
Kaleho: And talks to knives.
Trok: set for the knife thing.
Trok: We don't know that that was all him doing.
Wazir: We don't.
Wazir: But it seems likely.
Kaleho: Do we know why he was writing down his story and the school.
Wazir: lost.
Kaleho: touch with reality, and this was just him.
Trok: yeah who's that intended for.
Wazir: And what happened after the 11th century.
Wazir: that's what I want to know.
Trok: And where was he when we were in his lair fighting whatever we're fighting.
Trok: What are we fighting.
Tim Sackton: out some water elemental creature.
Ryu: So yeah what is the plan.
Kaleho: I don't have to live in this town.
Kaleho: So you need to make decisions that will.
Kaleho: allow you to still live in this town.
Trok: We could, for example.
Trok: Make sure to be.
Trok: Back at his tower when he returns, instead of trying to encounter him at the blacksmith shop.
Ryu: All of these.
Kaleho: he's done with the Tower he's cleaned.
Trok: I think you're right.
Kaleho: I wish we knew what he was doing with all the dirt in the cleaning so decrepit tower.
Ryu: Just.
Trok: Just hiding his traces.
Ryu: yeah.
Kaleho: Do we know that we're fish bones what what else what other refuge, could he have been.
Kaleho: Well, not starting so carefully.
Kaleho: he's doing these experiments.
Tim Sackton: I mean your impression from searching the tower.
Tim Sackton: Was that he was whoever flagged the Tower was trying to cover traces of occupation.
Ryu: me.
Ryu: You know worst case.
Ryu: Luke and follow him.
Ryu: yeah.
Wazir: I think if we wait.
Wazir: there's many spots inside of the dwarfs.
Wazir: shop.
Wazir: To hide.
Wazir: Perhaps somebody waiters about.
Wazir: somebody who was not recognizable as recognizable.
Trok: Maybe kalo.
Kaleho: I can move and hide and disappearing, the crowds and otherwise the unseen there but unseen or more accurately unnoticed.
Trok: I think I think it might be the rest of us that need to hide.
Trok: If we're too.
Trok: I don't know too conspicuous um what can we offer him.
Kaleho: Unless we can bring back his wife and children, I don't know what we can.
Wazir: I don't I don't think this is a negotiation with him I think it's a intervention.
Wazir: You won't.
Wazir: You won't tell us what's.
Wazir: He may be desperate for somebody to listen to his story.
Kaleho: And he wrote.
Wazir: and
Trok: And that's an interesting point.
Wazir: we're urgently willing to try to get rid of this thing that has cursed.
Wazir: or he might.
Wazir: attack us.
Kaleho: Would somebody be willing to talk.
Kaleho: If we are hidden in disperse would somebody be willing to try to talk with him, first, and if that fails.
Kaleho: We use violence to subdue him.
Trok: Maybe there are a few steps in between, I do think one person approaching him first makes sense than the rest might come out.
Ryu: Well, the other thing I think, to consider too is if he is.
Ryu: possessed by a cursed knife that's somehow controlling him, and you know a lot of the actions that may seem to various may not be at this well, including summoning the water.
Ryu: elemental killing you know, whatever.
Ryu: You so.
Kaleho: hill a rabid dog.
Wazir: You are for a piece.
Ryu: was here, who is this guy.
Ryu: yeah.
Ryu: haha.
Ryu: I don't know I would prefer not to start a fight in town.
Trok: Naturally.
Wazir: yeah I agree, unless there is some.
Wazir: In West there is some need.
Ryu: What about we try one of us.
Ryu: tries to have a conversation with them.
Ryu: learn more see if we can.
Ryu: Let them know that, where we have we have similar interests.
Ryu: And we don't.
Ryu: We don't.
Ryu: You know, create a scene, the conversation doesn't go well, we let them go.
Ryu: All a blue tail them.
Ryu: follow them to wherever he is going presumably out of town.
Trok: I definitely think we should we should follow him whether he's going yeah.
Kaleho: What happens if.
Kaleho: His boat is faster than blue can fly i've seen the boat we've both seen it it moves.
Ryu: Oh, the phantom boat.
Ryu: The law.
Kaleho: If if he is traveling via that boat.
Kaleho: yeah once he's on the boat I don't know if we can.
Kaleho: Keep up with them.
Wazir: agreed.
Ryu: Well, we don't think on the boat.
Ryu: Then the rest of us need a method he should that then if he's at start the shark on the rest of us with we can find them if we can front end we can find them there before that, before the boat.
Kaleho: So one person will try to talk with him, I can be nearby in case you need additional assistance at that first point of contact.
Kaleho: If we decide if that doesn't immediately cause an issue.
Kaleho: I can tell him back to the doctor everybody else's wedding.
Kaleho: He has a.
Kaleho: He has a chance to communicate with us, and we have a chance to evaluate him.
Kaleho: But he can get on the boat I.
Trok: met a game it's not worth time planning for contingencies and D amp D my experience, we should just we're going to do next.
yeah.
Tim Sackton: Plus, I mean it's been clear the past few days, you know blue can see you know pretty far from the ocean.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so what are you going to do next.
Ryu: We execute the plan.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Trok: Okay, so the next morning we wait.
Wazir: hold on i'm just tweaking my spouse for a moment.
Wazir: i'm just trying to decide if it's worth having like.
Tim Sackton: Who is so.
Tim Sackton: Okay, can I was hiding or wait yes.
Kaleho: Yes, kayla will be hiding.
Kaleho: near where I assume you will be the one holding the conversation.
Ryu: I don't know, maybe you should be with zero.
Kaleho: or zero.
Ryu: C.
Wazir: was here can be the one that having the conversation.
Kaleho: So i'll be out.
Wazir: With zero in Armor is a little intimidating.
Wazir: That might be.
Ryu: It can be real.
Trok: I mean we may need to intimidate and we shouldn't at first.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so anybody who's hiding, so this is the next morning y'all prepared rested ready to go um anybody who's hiding make a stuff.
Wazir: thing.
Oh i'm just finishing my spell tweak here.
Ryu: yeah but i've got blue making big circles looking for any kind of ships coming into harbor.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so early I assume you're up fairly early for.
Tim Sackton: The plan like early in the morning i'm kind of I mean that you know there's there's the leg morning rush like the pre dawn rush as a bunch of the i'm.
Tim Sackton: a bunch of the fishing boats go out early and then like around dawn just after dawn there's always a bit of a law and in this.
Tim Sackton: Just post on la.
Tim Sackton: Is you're still making your way from the Leviathan, to the sharks Doc along the docks i'm blue comes down to your shoulder and.
Tim Sackton: Reports to you that.
Tim Sackton: That there's a ship coming from the north just rounding this this.
Tim Sackton: point here moving fast.
Ryu: I think the ships coming I think he's coming.
Ryu: Also, the music is very ominous now all of a sudden yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you get into position so i've got one stuff jack two ounces hiding i've got to stuff jack.
Ryu: This.
Ryu: is an exciting to take the player.
Tim Sackton: I was hoping to wow yeah that's a good question.
Wazir: I was gonna ask.
Tim Sackton: doesn't calculate.
Wazir: It is yeah.
Ryu: This is kind of a tough clip can't cliffhanger.
Tim Sackton: Ah, I mean I was going to hard stop at one, no matter what, but it could go that late if we keep going, but we could also stop on a hard cliffhanger if we can find another time to play it's just going to be tough.
Tim Sackton: Because mike's leaving on Saturday for yellowstone.
Tim Sackton: it's not going to be till like.
Tim Sackton: I don't know when the next time we can play, we can pick this up would be.
Tim Sackton: But as up to you guys it's good point I didn't realize how late it was.
Kaleho: My scheduled open, but I don't have complicated schedule so.
Wazir: mean.
People.
Wazir: We could keep going for a little bit from my perspective, I kind of I kind of want to see what happens with this guy.
Kaleho: i'm on Central time zone so time I have an hour on you also time doesn't is not a pressing thing on my end.
Tim Sackton: i'm totally open to whatever folks want to do.
Trok: And i'm good i'm good to keep going a little bit.
Ryu: All right, fucking hell let's do it.
Trok: I know.
Ryu: This morning, tomorrow, or whatever.
Tim Sackton: you're always going to bed yeah actually have an early morning to but.
Tim Sackton: i'll be fine.
Ryu: All right, let's do it.
Wazir: This year the talkie guy.
Kaleho: who's talking guy.
Ryu: I can be the top well.
Wazir: I think I think you should be the hockey guy.
Kaleho: me pro talking the whole time your character is the one who's suggested it.
Ryu: All right, fine i'm going to keep blue circling.
Ryu: Like just out like like following watching the whole time.
Ryu: And yeah I guess i'll hang out here the shop and wait.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so about so was here, are you hiding.
Wazir: Casting and visibility.
Kaleho: Okay, so we're all kind of hanging out around the shop.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay um but not you're not super close to the shop because.
Tim Sackton: You know you don't want to be, you need to be somewhere where you can sort of hide among the warehouse.
Tim Sackton: and say.
Tim Sackton: So, but you can see, so real you see i'm about 20 minutes later sort of you know, coming up from the Doc.
Tim Sackton: This sort of older man like hunched over with like this pile of cloaks over his shoulders like you know whether.
Tim Sackton: Like oil skin cloaks shaving his face but there's a bit of a scraggly Gray beard thats thats hanging out and he's walking quickly and with purpose towards.
Tim Sackton: A Venus shop, who has opened early in anticipation of this event i'm aware that you are all hanging around and he just kind of head straight for the shop crossing this Plaza where you're sort of later going to go into the into the shop.
Ryu: and
Ryu: I really did not go to the shop, the day before.
Wazir: Right yep.
Ryu: Which is good and so reuse plan is to using our collective intelligence.
Ryu: What to like go in when he actually gets the thing to wait for.
Wazir: wait for him to come out.
Wazir: And then go up to him, I think.
Wazir: i'm not sure when we I don't think we have a clear sense of how we're approaching him.
Wazir: It was your idea to not just ambush him and drag them off.
Tim Sackton: A few minutes later he comes out.
Tim Sackton: carrying this chest this box under one arm, it seems to be heading back for the dogs not.
Tim Sackton: Oh yeah looking around notices you.
Tim Sackton: But not really pay.
Much attention seems.
Ryu: Like waiting for him to like come out.
Ryu: Like he's not gonna let him pass so don't feel sort of hell sort of like as he, like comes out every you will kind of step in front, say, sir.
Ryu: I I think we've been looking for you.
Ryu: Did you use to live in the tower.
Tim Sackton: Up to the noisy and i'm busy just.
Ryu: Know i'm sorry that I, we do need to talk a little bit because you nearly killed me with the water elemental that I think you.
Tim Sackton: know.
Ryu: i'm water elemental.
Ryu: yeah I think you also have a bottle of the 70 and ocean, you know what i'm talking about.
Tim Sackton: I need to get back step out of my way.
Ryu: Before you do, though, would be very helpful if you may be shared, a little bit more about what's going on, because there's six people dead in the town there's been a lot of significant violence that's been caused recently and be really great to.
Ryu: Talk about that a little bit if it's alright with you.
Tim Sackton: My.
Ryu: We want to help you.
Ryu: My wife just waiting at home.
Ryu: Please, the weapon or.
Ryu: hide your wife and your children right.
Tim Sackton: There waiting for me.
I need to get away.
Tim Sackton: What is your business here.
Ryu: Well we'd like to know what your businesses with this town.
Tim Sackton: I am simply going home to my family.
step.
Tim Sackton: aside side.
Ryu: You steps aside.
Tim Sackton: He starts walking quickly down the dock.
How that.
Wazir: i'm just reading, something I can do, I just need to see.
Ryu: and reuse now now following.
Wazir: Okay, he hasn't really pay much attention to you.
Tim Sackton: Following him he seems to be just heading for the docks.
Ryu: I get it.
Wazir: I am going to.
Wazir: yeah doesn't it take some action perfect and it's not a spell so it doesn't get rid of invincibility there.
Wazir: I am going to take a.
Wazir: coin.
Wazir: And ah.
Wazir: i'm going to roll.
Wazir: i'm going to roll it out like when he's nearby i'm going to roll it out, so that he would be he would hear it, and when the coin rolls in front of him it's gonna say.
Wazir: How long does this message be.
Wazir: six seconds.
Wazir: isn't the Dean safe.
Wazir: Are you sure.
Wazir: Because.
Wazir: it's not controlling things.
Tim Sackton: He stops your moment looks around and says.
Tim Sackton: looks back at you, the he says.
Tim Sackton: Are you playing tricks on me.
Ryu: I have no idea what the Fuck is going on, so I really just like I just want to talk I don't know that any tricks.
Tim Sackton: I just want to get.
Tim Sackton: home.
Tim Sackton: I know you want to get.
Tim Sackton: Are you.
Ryu: Is there a knife speaking to you.
Tim Sackton: You don't know me.
Wazir: While he's distracted talk to you i'm gonna go i'm invisible but i'm gonna go stand sort of between him and the boat.
Trok: So it is there, like a spectral boat parked at the dock.
Tim Sackton: yeah the phantom boat is park that's.
Trok: What does that look like.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: It basically looks like a normal boat it's just like your eyes kind of slide off of it like.
Tim Sackton: Like you can't.
Tim Sackton: Like you have to you have to really concentrate to keep looking at that.
Trok: i'm gonna slip into the water and swim towards it.
Okay.
Trok: With the aim of boarding, if I can.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Ah, interesting.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so he then turns around he says.
Tim Sackton: I will go now.
Tim Sackton: turns around and starts walking to the boat.
Ryu: what's your name.
Ryu: We want to help.
Ryu: I know your family and your children are very important to you and I know also that there may be some actions you're taking that are not totally around.
Ryu: And I think we have similar interests.
Tim Sackton: makeup persuasion check.
Trok: And con.
Ryu: skin, be a fucking to.
Ryu: You would help help.
Trok: Oh, to drop some names.
yeah.
Ryu: Oh, there we go it's not that sounds terrible.
Ryu: What name drop.
Wazir: nadeem his wife's name.
Trok: Oh yeah.
Ryu: Dean, there you go.
Kaleho: The terrifying what we believe the knife is.
Tim Sackton: No message.
Trok: me miss.
Tim Sackton: out on the message thousand color.
Wazir: doesn't kill.
Wazir: me that's why I tried to drop the names.
Ryu: Right Nice.
Tim Sackton: He turns around and he says, I am a bizarre.
Ryu: bizarre.
Tim Sackton: I am trying to save my family.
Ryu: Nadine your wife.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Ryu: And Gaza and Cola.
Ryu: CB adversary.
Tim Sackton: The adversary.
What helped me.
know.
Tim Sackton: There are.
Tim Sackton: There are many lost dad.
Tim Sackton: He can bring them back.
Tim Sackton: I just need a little more time.
Ryu: guys and coke and bring them back.
Tim Sackton: He is helping.
Just.
Tim Sackton: leave me alone.
Ryu: How can we help you.
Tim Sackton: He looks around he sees that he seems to be alone, he says.
Tim Sackton: come with me.
Ryu: Okay.
Ryu: let's go.
Wazir: yeah i'll go get on the boat, I was gonna say before he said that that I was going to take the opportunity for him being coast and conversation to go get on the boat.
Kaleho: For people hide on this tiny boat.
Trok: The boat here.
Tim Sackton: it's like out, I mean it's big enough for.
Tim Sackton: For you know, three, four people to set it's not gonna be easy for for people to hide on the boat um.
Ryu: I mean, should we just introduced ourselves.
Wazir: Now.
Ryu: Now you have some hide all right i'll.
Wazir: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Maybe sounds about it has like hot site so so wait was here you're.
Tim Sackton: Stepping onto the boat.
Tim Sackton: you're heading towards the boat.
Wazir: yeah but yeah.
Wazir: I like to.
Tim Sackton: make us stuff jack.
Trok: TIM is there some part of it in the water, that I can grab so I can tell along.
Tim Sackton: Ah yes.
Tim Sackton: i'm.
Wazir: disadvantage.
Wazir: I am wearing.
Armor.
Tim Sackton: Why was that there.
Ryu: Is our.
Ryu: it's a what is is ours, like when he was like invited me on the boat, did you look like nefarious like i've got this guy or like I think this guy can help.
Tim Sackton: Make inside check.
This.
Ryu: About a plus six on this, but we know that's not going to help us today.
Tim Sackton: Definitely nefarious i've got this guy.
Trok: Okay, oh no.
Tim Sackton: Higher percent he was like sort of chuckling under his breath type.
Ryu: Oh OK OK, we are gonna have to fight.
yeah.
Kaleho: Why they got this cross bullock Feral dogs.
Ryu: And holy shit hot glue hell, I guess.
Ryu: yeah I reuse gonna wait for him to get oh no, no, we shouldn't get them on let him, let him get on the boat at all I just talking right now I told him I told him I stopped.
Tim Sackton: rolling this.
out.
Trok: But i'm also.
Trok: far away from this one.
Tim Sackton: thing I did not make a map of was the docks it's like the 17 places, you could have meeting met this guy.
Trok: just put a rectangle.
Ryu: With the Buddha and.
Ryu: yeah right.
Trok: And how wide the duck is awesome because I.
Trok: When i'm angry, I can get pretty wide.
Ryu: It was nice to hear water.
Wazir: Actually honestly yep this is.
Ryu: Not a bad situation for all of us.
Kaleho: didn't make it to the boat.
Trok: It might be a bad situation for the structure of the duck itself.
Ryu: yeah this, but this is also why we're at the sharks Doc wait.
Kaleho: What is trucks class.
Trok: What is what I.
Wazir: climbed a fighter a.
Trok: letter.
Ryu: I think our class.
Trok: i'm a fighter what's.
Trok: A robe Nice.
Trok: Nice you hide it well.
Kaleho: As a rogue would.
Kaleho: yep it's the best kind of rub them you don't realize.
Ryu: wow.
Trok: that's good.
Ryu: I really thought that we were going to be able to have a peaceful conversation TIM, and that was that's not gonna happen, the violence.
Wazir: really did you think that.
Ryu: kinda possible.
Kaleho: Okay created like disgusting zombie versions of his.
Trok: chemie oh.
Tim Sackton: You might have been.
Tim Sackton: Ah.
Tim Sackton: OK so so kayla you're probably about their.
Tim Sackton: view on.
Trok: i'm not seeing it.
Tim Sackton: Right I didn't move you guys to the.
Tim Sackton: map.
Ryu: Nice oh nice Nice.
Ryu: perfect.
Ryu: Beautiful beautifully done.
Tim Sackton: Okay, who am I missing truck.
Tim Sackton: water.
Tim Sackton: yeah okay so you're you two are like rate.
Ryu: Right yeah we're like.
Ryu: There we go.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
Ryu: there's this other green guy in the that's.
Ryu: In the boat.
Tim Sackton: Well, you haven't seen him yet.
Trok: Oh no.
Ryu: The Fuck.
Tim Sackton: don't know why this initiative is not working, but that's.
Trok: All he's got as a lead box, we can take it.
Ryu: While he's got falcon zombie guy in the boat now.
Tim Sackton: Okay sorry it didn't auto calculate initiative so just shout out what you will.
Wazir: 1911 or.
Ryu: four.
Tim Sackton: I got support for.
know.
Ryu: For them.
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean he's not just standing there like waiting for somebody to mean he's not he's not stupid.
Ryu: Right, but I was like I was like.
Wazir: there's a pretty unexpected i'm attacking me now.
Ryu: yeah exactly don't you.
Ryu: were just talking.
Tim Sackton: that's whether you initiative is, you know.
Wazir: Right right.
Tim Sackton: Rather, you.
Tim Sackton: You got it.
Trok: yeah.
Kaleho: So he wrote a 22 for his initiative.
Tim Sackton: Here, all the 22 for his.
Kaleho: Initial yeah.
Trok: He realized that he had chuckled out loud, instead of just in his mind.
Trok: Right he's evil intention.
Trok: I was like oh shit.
Oh.
Tim Sackton: yeah sorry hold on let's go away, I have to use my iPad for encounters because otherwise my computer overheats.
Ryu: i'll just i'll just realizing Eric you're you're you're like 3D your machine learning generated thing like they need to like couple that with like a 3D render 3D printer so you can like print out into physical objects like weird things.
In.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: He turns as he sees you.
Tim Sackton: You know, prepare like you know you gotta grab your spear and like go to swing at him like he sees you going to attack and he says ah.
Tim Sackton: What is he gonna do.
Tim Sackton: So many choices.
Tim Sackton: He will.
get it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, he just wants to escape at this point so first thing he is going to do.
Tim Sackton: Is.
Tim Sackton: He is going to these like little spouts of water are going to.
Tim Sackton: Like like little whirlwind surround him and he begins to float up into the sky.
Tim Sackton: You will get an opportunity attack.
Tim Sackton: He rises actually you know what that is useless he's not going to do that sorry guys.
Tim Sackton: I should have planned out his escape route, a little better.
Tim Sackton: he's just going to do the easy thing, and he is going to.
Tim Sackton: cast a hold that he's gonna he's gonna point and he's gonna say i'm gonna stop you.
Tim Sackton: And erupting.
Tim Sackton: From the ground.
Tim Sackton: surrounding.
Tim Sackton: You and the Doc.
Tim Sackton: Are.
Tim Sackton: An enormous.
Tim Sackton: square of.
Tim Sackton: Black tentacles that.
Stop.
The four by four.
Tim Sackton: And you need to make a.
Tim Sackton: Well, actually you don't you don't need to do anything at the moment and then he's going to turn to run.
Tim Sackton: towards the boat, so one thing you do in the attack yep.
Good.
Ryu: So I tried to hit him with my spear.
Trok: wow.
Tim Sackton: dad hats.
Tim Sackton: So he doesn't need to make concentration chat.
Ryu: You can't concentrate through his.
Ryu: spirit yeah.
Tim Sackton: He succeeds.
Ryu: Before taking 12 damage.
Tim Sackton: Yes, he takes 12 damage.
Tim Sackton: And then he will run to so that was 123456 jump into the boat.
Wazir: whoa whoa whoa whoa i'm going to attack him.
Okay.
Wazir: that'll break your invisalign now but i'd rather see if I can.
Wazir: Let me just think do I have anything.
Ryu: wrong because he.
Trok: Because he went right by you Zoe.
yeah.
Wazir: um I grapple him that's actually a good question can you grapple as a.
Tim Sackton: As an attack of opportunity now.
Tim Sackton: um.
Tim Sackton: yeah I guess you could yeah maybe you could try.
Wazir: I mean i'm terrible at grappling so i'm not sure it's worth it, I have a minus 1am I grappled i'm just gonna i'm just gonna attack him.
Okay.
Wazir: And I have advantage okay.
Wazir: But I don't.
Tim Sackton: The that hits.
Tim Sackton: How much damage does that do.
Wazir: takes 500 damage.
Wazir: And he has disadvantage and attack rules, other than me.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Wazir: till the start of my next turn so.
Tim Sackton: Okay well that's good that he's jumped in his boat that's going to end his turn truck Europe.
Trok: um I will.
Trok: say.
Wazir: That does he asked them to do you make us Constitution check yeah.
Trok: Can I use my tattoo of water thing.
Tim Sackton: yeah but.
Trok: When a creature, you can see, instead of that 30 feet, you can use your reaction to force the creature, to make us wisdom saving through.
Trok: So basically.
Trok: To incapacity.
Trok: um so I like raise my i'm in the water treading water and I raised my forearm which has a tattoo of a yule wrapped around it.
Trok: It glows briefly.
Trok: directed at him.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Trok: tattoo of water.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you need to make a wisdom safe.
Trok: yeah.
Tim Sackton: that's a.
Tim Sackton: what's your.
Tim Sackton: um.
Trok: It says DC 14 so sorry succeeds damn to I also get an action or was that an action.
Tim Sackton: I think that's a reaction right.
Trok: yeah what does that mean.
Tim Sackton: So that means a reaction is something you take in response to a trigger so like an opportunity of attack is an opportunity attack as a reaction so you still get your whole turn.
Trok: Okay it's like he ran.
Trok: up and.
Trok: tried to incapacitate him in that way.
Right.
Trok: i'm gonna jump on the boat and grappling.
Wazir: Okay, oh.
Wazir: Okay, can we see this other creature.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you can see, it now standing up in the boat, this is a dead body of something of a human.
Tim Sackton: That like dripping water.
Tim Sackton: From from its mouth and from its pores and ears and.
Trok: Actually.
Trok: You know what i'm gonna do i'm gonna like grab the edge of the boat without bodily pulling myself.
Trok: into it, I can try to pull him into the water with me so it's a kind of grapple attack I guess.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: yeah I got maker grapple.
Trok: How do I do that.
Tim Sackton: athletics jack.
Trok: athletics, you say.
yeah.
Wazir: This is why you grapple instead of me.
Ryu: Oh, I should.
Ryu: have told him.
Tim Sackton: yeah he is grappled.
Tim Sackton: move next to him.
Oh yeah.
Tim Sackton: cool so that's, how can you not move your.
Tim Sackton: should be able to move them.
Trok: I can select it.
Tim Sackton: now wait wait wait, I know.
Tim Sackton: I know the issue hold on.
Tim Sackton: I didn't who can control each.
Wazir: let's try not to kill this guy.
Ryu: Oh yeah i'm just be able to do that.
Trok: i'm just gonna hold them underwater for a few minutes, so it doesn't cause.
Wazir: Apparently it.
Tim Sackton: should be.
Tim Sackton: able to control your.
Trok: Thanks OK so i'm going to be right here.
Trok: And then I want to pull him.
Trok: You know, so you.
Tim Sackton: grapple do so now, you can pull him overboard.
Tim Sackton: yep um.
Wazir: where's the box that he was carrying.
Tim Sackton: he's he's now dropped it in the bottom of.
This.
Tim Sackton: So, so you can move half speed when you are grappling somebody so you move five feet, so you can now move.
Tim Sackton: Another 10 feet, to move them away and drag him.
Trok: Just like move like to hear.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you get so you move him with you.
Tim Sackton: So he's there now in the water.
You saw a second.
Trok: i'm.
Trok: Thinking about the Princess bride and I think it is like jog their memory move.
Trok: Just try to knock them out basically.
Wazir: good idea yeah just.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Trok: So that would be an arm fighting style yeah.
Trok: And i'm strike um.
Trok: What do I actually click on to do that.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Ryu: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Well, that hits you punch him in the head as you as you punch him.
Tim Sackton: He also has a reaction i'm a.
Tim Sackton: Like a tendril like this black sort of inky black tentacle like wraps up around him and blocks your punch.
Tim Sackton: Oh takes no damage.
Tim Sackton: It also doesn't particularly bothered by.
Tim Sackton: Being in the water.
Trok: To make truck mad.
Wazir: yeah he probably doesn't care about being in the water that's.
Okay.
Tim Sackton: callow you're out.
Kaleho: Okay, so am I added advantage by being hidden.
Tim Sackton: You are currently hidden Yes, you are quite far away, though.
Kaleho: i'm my I have 120 range right.
Tim Sackton: yeah, but you have disadvantage if you're further than 30.
Kaleho: yeah how far can I move.
Tim Sackton: We can move.
Tim Sackton: 30 feet.
Kaleho: So if.
Tim Sackton: Although it would be so advantage cancels disadvantage so right now would be a straight role and.
Tim Sackton: Try was.
Tim Sackton: grappling him so you would be.
Tim Sackton: um so you, you would get sneak attack if you attacked him he does have he does have.
Tim Sackton: Partial cover from being.
Tim Sackton: You know, beneath the lip of the dark hair like you're gonna have AC is going to be higher than normal.
Kaleho: A.
Kaleho: candidate and would I get anything by using steady aim.
Tim Sackton: know because you already have advantage being hidden.
Kaleho: got it okay so there's no extra um.
Kaleho: I will shoot at him.
Kaleho: So I do.
Kaleho: hit DC role or I never actually got an alias for.
Tim Sackton: That plus yeah that whatever that plus to hit.
Tim Sackton: Does click.
Kaleho: Sorry, I hit the plus seven.
yeah.
Tim Sackton: dad.
Tim Sackton: Despite the COPs ready.
Wazir: yep that's.
Tim Sackton: that's pretty nasty for around.
Trok: What is he attacking with.
Kaleho: Joe.
Tim Sackton: Cross a small hand crossbow so role damage your role you that damage and your sneak attack damage twice so.
Tim Sackton: That didn't automatically will the crit damage so rolling extra for these for these sex.
Trok: Extra for me sit.
down.
Kaleho: and be role good.
Ryu: role.
46.
Ryu: yeah.
Kaleho: And then do I do my sneak attack.
Tim Sackton: That is your sneakers.
Wazir: That includes St so it's 20 it's.
Wazir: 3131 damage.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Ryu: yeah yeahs crazy dude Oh, we should.
Trok: that's insane.
Ryu: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So okay that you know he's not looking too happy about that.
Wazir: I thought, a blood that just started at a bad too bad.
Tim Sackton: But he succeeds, on his concentration check.
Oh come on.
Tim Sackton: it's rolling fairly well ah, that will add your turn.
Trok: he's kind of doing to you what we did, to all those knowles in the slot Canyon.
Tim Sackton: Okay, this.
Tim Sackton: is going to move to help two.
Tim Sackton: three.
Tim Sackton: is going to jump into the water.
Ryu: over it.
Tim Sackton: actually now he can't swim he's not gonna jump in the water 1234 he's gonna go attack was here.
Tim Sackton: And let's see.
Wazir: What is this thing i'd undead.
Tim Sackton: pitches on debt, it is a.
Tim Sackton: It is like a.
Tim Sackton: zombie ish creature, but it's like dripping water over everything.
Tim Sackton: His first fist attack misses his second fist attack, so he tries to punch you once and and fails second time he reaches forward and, as he grabs you these like tendrils of water just wrap around you i'm.
Tim Sackton: grappling you so you're you're not take no damage but you're considered grappled was here.
Okay.
Tim Sackton: Now it is your turn.
Wazir: mm hmm I don't like being grappled.
Wazir: But there's not a huge downside to being grappled.
Wazir: Because I can still just punch him.
Let me think here.
Wazir: Do you do you think we probably you probably don't need too much help with the guy who's.
Wazir: I am.
Trok: not totally clear.
Wazir: yeah it's not totally clear, is it.
Wazir: I am going to.
Wazir: haze the boat more.
Tim Sackton: Ah.
Wazir: Like is it tied up it's.
Tim Sackton: there's like a rope coil but it's not well tied up.
Wazir: Can I unquiet with a move as part of a move to that account is interacting with an object, as part of a move.
Tim Sackton: um well right now, your speed to zero, because your graph.
Wazir: it's not gonna i'm not gonna be grapples for very long don't worry about the grapple just answer the question.
Tim Sackton: um I would say yes, that would be your object interaction.
Wazir: i'm gonna cast misty staff.
Wazir: And appear right there.
Wazir: Man, I am going to.
Wazir: As part of my move.
Wazir: I am going to push the boat off untie the boat and basically step back onto the shore.
Wazir: Know keep pushing the blue.
Trok: This.
Trok: Now turns out this whole thing was all just about stealing really awesome book.
Wazir: Now i'm not stealing the boat.
Ryu: i'll just i'll just stay on the boat.
Wazir: Because I want to punch the bad guy with my iron man fists.
Ryu: Okay alright alright that works.
Wazir: Just so i'm getting a push the boat i'm going to like jump off the boat as my move and like try and shove, it away from that mean obviously it's not a very strong shelf because it's not my action.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Ryu: I mean.
Ryu: If if we want to do that too oh yeah cuz this blue blue gets an action right I forgot to give Lou that blood action.
Trok: On your.
Tim Sackton: On your turn.
Wazir: shark get away from that.
Ryu: sort of that's what i'm going to do.
Wazir: yeah and i'm punching this guy.
Ryu: You should.
Trok: Just.
Wazir: 23 hit.
Trok: yeah but, like last game yeah.
Ryu: That was one.
Ryu: critical role Turks critical role.
Wazir: And that's going to miss.
Tim Sackton: that Mrs yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay i'm real make dexterity saving time.
Tim Sackton: The tentacles here wrapped around you.
Tim Sackton: And you are restrained.
Trok: Oh man.
Tim Sackton: So you can't move and you take.
Tim Sackton: You take 15 points of bludgeoning damage.
Ryu: fucking hell.
Trok: ooh that's brutal.
Wazir: yeah it's not great.
Trok: don't die.
Tim Sackton: But it's your turn.
Ryu: Well, I can't move or do anything right.
Tim Sackton: You can throw you can hear.
Tim Sackton: You can throw your sphere, but you can't move.
Tim Sackton: Oh God disadvantage on attacks.
Ryu: Who should I throw my.
Wazir: throat at this water creature.
Ryu: or i'll throw.
Ryu: A.
Tim Sackton: disadvantage because you're restrained.
Ryu: Okay, how do I throw it can I, is it what I use it as a melee weapon.
Ryu: It has the same yeah.
Tim Sackton: The same whether you.
Ryu: Well, I like that role.
Wazir: yeah but you're.
Tim Sackton: Right, you are.
Tim Sackton: Disadvantaged sadly.
Wazir: that's okay.
that's.
Ryu: Nice.
Trok: Alright impressive.
Tim Sackton: So that's and as it hits this thing it immediately snaps back into your hand.
Ryu: love that one.
Wazir: just sit there.
Ryu: i'll totally out definitely through it again.
Ryu: nope.
Ryu: that's not.
Tim Sackton: dod Mrs.
Ryu: All right, i'll stop there um yeah and I will i'll have chirk.
Ryu: push.
Wazir: push the button at the line that's now drifting in the water, and just.
Ryu: slipped.
Tim Sackton: off with the boat.
Wazir: Organic it over to take it over to the beach or something like that.
Tim Sackton: yeah Turkey is starting to swim up with God.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Wazir: Okay, and the thing that we're after is in the boat.
Wazir: The box.
box.
Trok: box.
Wazir: I don't know cuz he probably put the.
Wazir: knife terrible evil in there.
Ryu: If.
Kaleho: We need to put the knife in there, once we get it right.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so he is currently grappled by.
Tim Sackton: By let's say.
Ryu: A truck.
Tim Sackton: My truck.
Tim Sackton: He is going to um to turn to you truck and whisper.
Tim Sackton: With that four seater drop the grapple.
Tim Sackton: Actually don't know.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I forgot actually about all this Oh well, Okay, I totally forgot about.
Tim Sackton: about that, but i'll just start it now.
Tim Sackton: that's okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay um.
Tim Sackton: I gotta I just gotta check one thing.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so he is going to turn to you and he's going to just whisper.
Tim Sackton: This.
Tim Sackton: This horrible sound in your ear.
Tim Sackton: um.
Tim Sackton: And you need to make a wisdom saving throw.
Trok: Do.
Trok: list.
Trok: that's.
Tim Sackton: Nice try you take.
Tim Sackton: You take seven points of psychic damage.
Tim Sackton: Sorry.
Tim Sackton: nine points of psychic damage and then, but nothing else happens.
Tim Sackton: And then he is going to.
Tim Sackton: cause a.
Tim Sackton: tend to go to appear.
Tim Sackton: Next to was here.
Tim Sackton: Which is going to.
Tim Sackton: miss you as it swings out to a strike you.
Tim Sackton: And that wall.
Tim Sackton: and his turn.
Trok: My turn.
Trok: i'm going to.
Trok: drag him under the water and rough him up.
Trok: Would it.
Trok: Would it help me to get big.
Trok: Not even matter.
Ryu: One come out right.
Kaleho: Like make me, yes, but water doesn't impact and then he can breathe underwater at least be.
Wazir: We think he probably can breathe under.
Kaleho: yeah.
Trok: He can whisper underwater, though.
Ryu: um okay so cast spells a shit underwater great question.
Tim Sackton: He can, but he will he can't um.
Tim Sackton: No, I guess, if you can, if you can breathe underwater you can cast your water.
Trok: Well truck doesn't know that.
Trok: he's just like thinking like what would the crocodile do in this situation drag the predator water so that's what we're doing.
Trok: again.
Tim Sackton: I mean you've got him grappled already so.
Trok: And i'm kind of mad because he just like in some non linguistic way insulted me to my face, so I am going to.
Trok: Double in size using my primal might tattoo.
Oh, my God, though.
Trok: The water sort of turns around me as I become a 14 foot tall lizard man.
Trok: Nice, and then we are.
Trok: Should we mechanically do the thing, where I go I try to drag him five feet underwater.
Tim Sackton: I mean, he you've already gotten grappled so you can pull them, however, you oh yeah I don't I mean there's no good way to do depth, even with.
Trok: Three really.
Trok: We really.
Ryu: aren't you gonna bash him in the head, though.
Trok: yeah and I get 200 attacks yeah.
Ryu: Nice there yeah that's what I was waiting to get bashing the head a couple times.
Trok: And are those both was advantage because he's grappled.
Tim Sackton: grapple doesn't give you advantage on alarm tax.
Tim Sackton: Okay that's only restrained.
Tim Sackton: That hits so as you strike him.
Tim Sackton: This like blast of cold erupts out from him and you take.
Tim Sackton: 25 points of called damage.
What the House.
Trok: holy.
Tim Sackton: Oil forgot about this before.
Ryu: forgot about what.
Tim Sackton: The Armor of agatha.
Wazir: warlock he's playing all dolan's tricks.
Wazir: But how does he still have his Armor back at this.
Tim Sackton: Because I.
Tim Sackton: completely forgot that it existed.
Tim Sackton: So I just started it at its full health because a bunch of people had hit him and not taking any damage from that.
Tim Sackton: i'm sorry truck you get the entire Brent bet.
Trok: i'm going to use my well okay i'll do my second attack, first of all.
Trok: Is that just gonna hit me again, but the.
Tim Sackton: You take another 25 points have called them.
Ryu: What the Fuck.
Trok: shit i'm that zeros me out.
Tim Sackton: truck falls unconscious and floats to the surface.
one.
Kaleho: Day 14 feet.
Kaleho: Where does he go back to normal and.
Tim Sackton: I know he goes back to normal.
Trok: Man brutal.
Kaleho: Ah, oh.
Ryu: Wait what does that How does that are more.
Wazir: And he gives them temporary hit points until the temporary hit points are gone he doesn't you take the damage, every time you.
Kaleho: Is it if webs if I got a distance like let's say you have a crossbow.
Wazir: it's melee attacks.
Kaleho: OK.
Wazir: So my melee attacks I don't think i've ever used it I cast delis cast the spell like in every combat and it's never done 50 points of damage does.
Ryu: Why is it doing so much damage it's.
Tim Sackton: that's how to spell works, every time you you hit him well, he has temporary hit points you take 25 points of damage.
Trok: it's insane.
Tim Sackton: Okay kayla Europe.
Kaleho: Is he still being grappled now.
Tim Sackton: he's five feet underwater you cannot hit him with a range weapon.
Kaleho: Okay, is the zombie guy being grappled.
Kaleho: No Okay, so I would be a disadvantage for the zombie because of distance.
Kaleho: Yes, Okay, so I will do steady aim so i'm brad neutral crap yeah.
Tim Sackton: And you would still have sneak attack on the zombie.
Kaleho: Why would I started sneak attack on the.
Tim Sackton: zombie because, while I was here it's right next to him.
Ah.
Kaleho: OK, so I do the hit DC.
Tim Sackton: That hats.
Kaleho: So, then, I do the damage.
yeah.
Tim Sackton: So 18 so okay.
Kaleho: And then I you guys.
Tim Sackton: Just guys looking pretty rough.
Kaleho: And then I do my sneak attack.
Tim Sackton: That includes your sneak attack it's right there 11.
Kaleho: Oh, how does it know to do the sneak attack.
Tim Sackton: It always does the sneak attack and you just need to know when to add it or not.
Kaleho: Ah, got it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, this this thing is single mindedly on was here is going to swing it you again and again.
Tim Sackton: wrap.
Tim Sackton: Up water just wraps around you um.
Tim Sackton: And then he is going to.
Tim Sackton: REACH forward as these bands of water are wrapping around you.
Tim Sackton: And he is going to.
Tim Sackton: what's your I see.
Anyone.
Tim Sackton: i'm just like.
Tim Sackton: This like water is spewing out of this thing's mouth and it's going to reach towards your mouth and this water just use into your lungs, you have to make a constitution saving throw.
Tim Sackton: You are fine you're still grappled.
Tim Sackton: But you sort of cough a little bit and the water comes out of your lungs, it is your turn.
Wazir: So i'd like to.
Wazir: try and help truck but can't really.
Trok: I could permit die if I don't get some healing right but nobody's got healing powers.
Wazir: I have healing I just can't get to you because i'm.
grappled.
Trok: Well truck doesn't have much to say about it at this point.
Tim Sackton: Right you authorize healing.
Ryu: view but i'm also restrained.
Tim Sackton: yeah but healing spirit as a range of 60 feet.
Ryu: Ah i'll do that, then when it's my turn.
Wazir: Okay um.
Tim Sackton: The boat is gone now, by the way.
Ryu: Like like Turkey is taken away.
Tim Sackton: Turk is drag it.
Wazir: Okay.
Ryu: Excellent boy.
Kaleho: we're good at animation on that boat moving away.
Wazir: Oh, that I get.
Tim Sackton: measured at this point like you know this is pretty noisy there's like some pounds folks that are starting to.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Tim Sackton: yeah rush out here.
Wazir: And the town's folk are gonna get it's going to get a lot noisier folks.
Wazir: I am casting shatter.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I know we're running it.
Wazir: Like right there, basically, I mean there's plenty of spots where it'll hit both of them, and nobody else.
Tim Sackton: right there it's a.
Wazir: 10 foot 110.
Tim Sackton: Foot cube.
Wazir: And foot radius.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Wazir: right there it's both of them and.
Ryu: ice.
Trok: would take out the Doc a little bit.
Wazir: yeah shake up the Doc a bit that's OK DC 15 concept.
Wazir: Well Tara terrible for damage, though.
Tim Sackton: failed.
Tim Sackton: And failed.
Wazir: So they both take 10 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that that blows away the Armor.
Ryu: Thank God.
Tim Sackton: And he still needs to make a concentration check.
Tim Sackton: Six seeds again.
Tim Sackton: And this guy took 10 damage okay.
Tim Sackton: That ends your turn yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay um.
Tim Sackton: You are up for you, you take.
Tim Sackton: You take a.
Ryu: Look at to roll something to like escape.
Tim Sackton: You need to use your action.
Tim Sackton: To free yourself, you take 13 points of bludgeoning damages the tentacles crush you.
Tim Sackton: like that, and you could use your action to make a strength or dexterity check to try and escape.
Ryu: OK, I will do that and then.
Tim Sackton: I guess you can't cast as well is.
Wazir: that's a good experience a bonus action.
Tim Sackton: healing spirits a bonus action, so you can try and escape and cast your spell.
haha.
Ryu: So strict check oh that's.
Tim Sackton: funny yeah.
Tim Sackton: I don't save just to check.
Oh so or.
Ryu: How to work oh oh yeah, why did they do that last time I did dexterity last time you told me dexterity.
Tim Sackton: dexterity channel was a dexterity saving throw when you first the first.
Tim Sackton: thing.
Ryu: Now you got it all right.
Ryu: damn it oh there we go oh wait.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you don't have advantage you fail you're still caught by the tentacles.
Ryu: Oh alright, I will cast a healing spirit on.
Ryu: On.
Tim Sackton: So healing spirit remember summons a.
Tim Sackton: Here we go.
Tim Sackton: And you can move on.
Tim Sackton: So it's controlled by.
Tim Sackton: You.
Trok: Okay, what is that thing that's.
Wazir: The spirit.
Tim Sackton: Which is your shirt.
Tim Sackton: it's a healing shark which heals us six points of damage.
Trok: What do I do on my character sheet here.
Tim Sackton: Just hit sex he'll.
Trok: Nobody i've got the like skull.
Tim Sackton: There you can still he'll.
Trok: he'll.
Trok: six.
Trok: Why.
Trok: hey i'm not dead.
Trok: Day sexy.
Ryu: yeah yeah.
Wazir: You pop back up you have six legs.
Wazir: Now you'll die when he hits you again.
Wazir: But that's okay.
Wazir: that's my spiel it will pop you back up.
Wazir: it'll be like ping pong.
Tim Sackton: You are still floating in the water.
Trok: i'm going to get mad get huge again punch him die.
Trok: cute kid.
Tim Sackton: By chance, I.
Tim Sackton: play feeling spirit is here so it's but it's now his turn he is going to.
Tim Sackton: climb out of the water.
Tim Sackton: So you could attempt to punch him as an opportunity attack, but it will be a disadvantage.
Trok: Like a little traumatized because, like last time I did that I died.
Wazir: that's true.
Trok: I will i'm going to hold off from punching him right the.
Trok: Second.
Trok: Because I don't know that the Armor is.
Trok: The Armor that's pros me to death it's gone now right.
Trok: yeah a truck has been unconscious for.
Tim Sackton: A few seconds right you wouldn't have necessarily seen that it was gone yeah um.
Kaleho: I like the idea that we all have in perfect knowledge when we're in battle, so we can't let.
Tim Sackton: one.
Trok: To.
Trok: Another three.
Trok: At least for gaming a tiny bit.
Tim Sackton: he's gonna go to there.
Ryu: Was this other guy over here on the dock.
Tim Sackton: That abuse are like town's folk.
Trok: In a simple innocent bystanders oh man.
Tim Sackton: And he can't.
Tim Sackton: Oh no okay so he's gonna go he's gonna go to here.
Ryu: Oh no not to kill me.
Tim Sackton: And i'm a.
Trok: Oh geez.
Tim Sackton: blast of lightning.
Tim Sackton: shoots out of his hands.
Tim Sackton: Which is going to strike what's going to kill this this poor towns person.
Tim Sackton: And then, is going to strike both.
Tim Sackton: Really, loud and.
Tim Sackton: and review so deck saving throws and I think that's all it spells.
Kaleho: We don't I get a uncanny dodge for this.
Tim Sackton: Not for not for.
Tim Sackton: So you succeed Oh, but you're restrained so you're a disadvantage on deck saves.
He.
Trok: Oh.
Tim Sackton: So you take 30 points of damage.
Ryu: to you.
I am done.
Trok: Oh.
Tim Sackton: Hello you take 15 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: I know that he's just gonna yell let me be.
Tim Sackton: Used oh he's gonna make another tentacle appear and attack.
Tim Sackton: that's gonna miss was here.
Ryu: Oh, what happens to the healing spirit, does it disappear, now that i'm.
Tim Sackton: Serious it's gone.
So.
Tim Sackton: That will be trucks turn.
Kaleho: them all on the boat and ran away.
Wazir: yeah.
Wazir: i'm reading that move now.
Trok: Oh man um.
Ryu: I was what I wanted to do is all of us just take the boat.
Tim Sackton: yeah he is this three spell slots so.
Tim Sackton: The downside to warlocks.
Trok: End beyond us looking out for me oh there we go okay um.
Ryu: You can hear me.
Ryu: You haven't had to fight this battle, because as soon as I get healed I mean i'm in like a fucking grappled tentacle thing so like i'm gonna die me always just starting to cutter lively.
Trok: So.
Wazir: yeah yeah.
Trok: and
Ryu: He doesn't come with me.
Trok: i'm going to use my eldridge mall so that extends my unarmed attack range to 15 feet.
Trok: So maybe.
Trok: Actually, can I almost do it from where I am basically no not quit.
Wazir: You need two squares, you could stay in the water.
Trok: So i'm going to get just to the edge here.
Trok: yeah and then.
Trok: punch him break stretch out of him with my claws using eldridge mall.
Trok: Which is made.
Trok: right here.
Tim Sackton: The same as the same on strike.
Trok: And do I have to decided events that i'm going to use.
Trok: what's called.
Tim Sackton: Action search.
Tim Sackton: yeah no just anytime you can actually serve.
Tim Sackton: Right now.
Tim Sackton: Now you can also second waned and heal yourself up a bunch.
Trok: yeah I was thinking that too i'm going to do that first i'm gonna.
Go.
Tim Sackton: So you heal nine.
Trok: Okay, let me just put that in.
Trok: i'm all 15 alright, so now start making some eldridge small attacks.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Tim Sackton: One of the days is going to fail, a concentration check.
Tim Sackton: End six not today.
Tim Sackton: 16.
Tim Sackton: You can attack again, though.
Trok: And the second term.
Tim Sackton: That hats.
Trok: over to this one.
Trok: And then I will use my.
Tim Sackton: Where is their team he succeeded again.
Trok: Actions surge and attacking a third time.
Tim Sackton: And that hats.
Trok: And the goddess.
Tim Sackton: The attack again.
Trok: So that was a total of three.
Tim Sackton: That was three you get one more still concentrating on the spell.
Kaleho: She says.
Tim Sackton: you're just gonna kill them no need to.
Tim Sackton: get them to not concentrate.
Trok: Does the eldridge small, let me do extra damage.
Tim Sackton: A lot of concentration check.
Tim Sackton: The spell is gone the tentacles vanish.
Ryu: Ah, OK.
Tim Sackton: Nice for for.
Tim Sackton: Massive punches.
Trok: And then, what about all those extra one D sixes.
Tim Sackton: Oh right, because when you do Algiers mall it does an extra several just roll for he sex.
Tim Sackton: Oh, my God OK.
Wazir: and
All these jedi.
Tim Sackton: Where does that turn it all.
Wazir: 15 so far, but rolling more.
Ryu: that's 2020.
Tim Sackton: Now it's 20.
Trok: Those for you.
Tim Sackton: How I see it, so.
Wazir: I went up their.
Tim Sackton: truck is just like how do I.
Wazir: Have 3042 points of damage.
Trok: Our kids that.
Trok: i've had is not gonna take it.
Tim Sackton: Just like.
Tim Sackton: I am.
Tim Sackton: done.
Tim Sackton: Just like one off half out of the water like a crocodile getting an antelope and this like just flurry of what are they are out what are your eldridge Mata tattoo look what animal is that.
Trok: It is a crocodile.
Tim Sackton: So it's just like it almost looks like there's these little crocodiles that are just well not little they're like.
Tim Sackton: Pretty 15 foot long crocodiles just.
Tim Sackton: bursting out of truck just slamming into this.
Tim Sackton: To to this guy and as each one hits he staggers back on the third head the tentacles vanish and on the fourth head he collapses over backwards.
Ryu: So does he is he dead or did you have zero hit points like we can.
Tim Sackton: kinda is unconscious.
Ryu: OK OK, so we should interrogate him and stuff right.
yep.
Kaleho: So.
Kaleho: I have advantage for sneak attack because zombie guys really close.
Tim Sackton: Ah.
Tim Sackton: You don't have a mental as you get sneak attack because he's next to was there.
Kaleho: alone oh.
Kaleho: Tell me.
Kaleho: Tell me let's just leave us.
Kaleho: I will you study aim yep so I don't have disadvantage for the distance and then let me roll.
Tim Sackton: that's.
Tim Sackton: The only has to hit points it doesn't matter what.
Tim Sackton: So zombie spring water falls dad.
Wazir: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Z are now free rushes over in presumably heels, is our son he doesn't die.
Ryu: you mean.
Or you.
Ryu: Think.
Wazir: She will wounds on both of.
Wazir: You first.
Ryu: Thank you.
Ryu: With me and characters dying.
Wazir: Where did that go it didn't roll.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't really matter what you all.
Wazir: Well, I.
Wazir: mean 20 so.
Tim Sackton: First back when you hit points back.
Ryu: yeah nice steady and.
Wazir: get a guy gets line.
Okay.
Tim Sackton: um.
Wazir: But i'm gonna tell him up first.
Okay.
Tim Sackton: So he then sets up kind of shaking his head a little bit and straining against his restraints, and I think, given how late it is rather than role playing a whole interrogation.
Ryu: No, no, no, no, we can't do that.
Tim Sackton: yeah why don't I just wrap things up and like I had, I had the cliff.
Tim Sackton: If you found his lair I had his layer
Ryu: versus layer we bundle where.
Tim Sackton: I was at the.
Tim Sackton: Culture wars, I had the tavern in case he went to the stormy made it and got into a fight there.
Tim Sackton: yeah I didn't have the docs.
Kaleho: I thought.
Trok: I thought the docs worked great improvisers.
Yes.
Ryu: Yes, very good water, we could throw into.
Tim Sackton: So, so you interrogate them and you learn the story he indeed.
Tim Sackton: Sorry go ahead.
Ryu: Well, should we roll for this are you saying we should wrap this.
Tim Sackton: know we can I mean i'm just wondering how.
Wazir: i'm happy hi good.
Tim Sackton: awake, but I can add.
Ryu: That I mean like role play this like next time, or like Is this the end of this Arc.
Tim Sackton: Or is it like the end of is supposed to be a one on one session are.
Trok: Great oh.
Tim Sackton: yeah for the subjects and tell us.
Ryu: What what up what we learn yeah that that's fine.
Tim Sackton: So, so you learned he indeed had had lost his wife gotten hooked on god's.
Tim Sackton: started.
Tim Sackton: relatable speaking to this.
Tim Sackton: This.
Tim Sackton: Some sort of creature that he doesn't fully understand to who gave him this knife and told him to kill people when he kills people the knife it replaces their blood with water.
Tim Sackton: And if he he was kept saying, if you did it right, if he just killed them the right way, his wife would come back.
Tim Sackton: Of course, that was false.
Ryu: i'm evil and where's this knife now.
Tim Sackton: The knife is I just layer in the interest of time, you can fast it says crimes he tells you, whereas there, as you are able to go to his lair find the knife start in the lead box.
Tim Sackton: Where it shuts up.
Ryu: If one of us have picked up the knife, would we had started killing each other.
Tim Sackton: Ah you'd have had to make a savings or wisdom saving or you possibly would have failed it and started killing each other, yes.
Ryu: wow I would have been fun.
Ryu: um well guys that was great.
Kaleho: So awesome i'm I really like the setting like it all like being like kind of synergistic around the nuances of like one town.
Kaleho: yeah the the size of it is very, very pleasant and also liked our various team up interrogations.
Wazir: yeah.
Ryu: That was that also as.
Tim Sackton: You guys figured out most of that, I mean I thought you would just once he realized that I guess you didn't quite figure out that he was seeking out arians like he wanted to be at places that were close to the plane of water so as there was the other areas.
Wazir: As well i'm gonna go there, but I was good to suggest going to the well but.
Kaleho: We.
Wazir: We add a.
Wazir: New adventure we figured I mean I ended up.
Tim Sackton: Finding all the clues I had.
Kaleho: Like.
Tim Sackton: You can either meet them yeah it was good, I was happy with that.
Ryu: That was great and wishing him at the docks wizard or trying to or meeting him at the docks was.
Tim Sackton: That worked well, I should have a.
Tim Sackton: beta that and made a Doc but it's tough with these online things because I can't just I mean I guess it worked drawing maps right.
Wazir: yeah it works fine.
Ryu: yeah good.
Wazir: Oh wait, is there any connection that we know about to the larger mystery like Why would I don't get is why did he what's yet side and why did.
Tim Sackton: He says the 70 addiction.
Wazir: yeah I figured but why did he.
Wazir: How did he get it, I told him to summon a creature to go get the Center notion of then, why was it some left.
Wazir: No, not be a bigger story.
Tim Sackton: He arians notes suggest told told them about the Center nurse.
Tim Sackton: made it up on his own that maybe if he used better water this ritual would work.
Tim Sackton: He didn't just use the salt water from the ocean, if he used living water than his wife would actually come back.
Tim Sackton: To his own.
Wazir: The word it was there, and he laughed he just didn't have enough.
Wazir: People to kill.
Tim Sackton: He didn't have enough people to kill.
Ryu: What where did he get the water that the Mirko guy drink.
Tim Sackton: That he summoned arians rang let him summon a water jeannie American.
Tim Sackton: command.
Trok: which is what we thought last year.
Tim Sackton: No marriage or kill you all marriage they're like super powerful.
Wazir: they're like.
Tim Sackton: g spot the it was in the scroll the marriage some into guardians protect the safety and what are.
Trok: The.
Tim Sackton: And then left pests, because she didn't want to mess up.
Tim Sackton: She didn't want to get involved in the politics, but the ring commanded or two so she was angry, but the curse of the ring when she can't hurt him for 1000 in one day is.
Ryu: and actually went and got got the water from the bar folk.
Tim Sackton: yeah but she had to go back to hungry, because he could plane shift to the cave.
Tim Sackton: Because it's playing of water is close.
Ryu: would not have figured that out.
Tim Sackton: And the radio really supposed to.
Tim Sackton: figuring all of that detail.
Tim Sackton: yeah just that he was connected to the city and ocean.
wow.
Ryu: And he melted the written the you can melt you can destroy magic items by melding them.
Tim Sackton: It wasn't magic it was a one use it you saw.
Wazir: It used to be magic.
Ryu: Exact got it wow cool.
Ryu: awesome yeah that was great.
Trok: Really funny guys Thank you so much.
yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Wazir: Good hey.
Tim Sackton: Can I talk to you for just one SEC, yes, we sign off.
Wazir: Yes, we can.
Ryu: get it everybody guys.
Kaleho: Okay, my.
Tim Sackton: So not obviously not tonight because we both need to go to bed, but sometime before our next session I do want to.
Tim Sackton: chat a bit about do the central role play, but also because you're going to talk in the other campaign you're going.
Ryu: yeah yeah yeah.
Tim Sackton: kenzo spent, I want to like have you know half an hour brainstorm about what tokers like.
Ryu: let's do that let's schedule that.
yeah.
Ryu: I could do like why don't we play next with that with the crew.
Tim Sackton: That everybody September 10.
Ryu: Okay yeah I mean honestly i'm pretty free um I decided not to go to burning man actually so i'm going to be like around the next few weeks.
Tim Sackton: Okay, it wasn't.
Tim Sackton: A man in.
Tim Sackton: Was it are they doing it in person.
Tim Sackton: yeah yeah.
Ryu: Well it's gonna be burn it's not actual the burning man is just.
Ryu: showing up and but my camp was was planning on showing up because, like the founder died and it's like a whole like you know yeah it's not smart which by the way, i'm not going.
Ryu: yeah um but but yes i'm free I mean I can even do like the Sunday some time or.
Tim Sackton: Ah.
Ryu: Next week.
Tim Sackton: yeah we could we could do so starting so i'm on i'm camping and main starting on Wednesday.
Tim Sackton: And Tuesday is not good, because i'm traveling, but I could do I could do Sunday or Monday.
Ryu: or through Reagan because they were feast pretty like so I can do the 22nd or like the 29th we.
Tim Sackton: will be on vacation on the 20th let's just do the 22nd that's that's perfect.
Ryu: Can we text and just figure out a time during the day because i'm gonna like sleep in and.
Ryu: yeah yeah the data for me at all like.
Tim Sackton: Like after.
Tim Sackton: After the kids bedtime is.
Ryu: is best cell that's good evening is good.
Tim Sackton: yeah that's great yeah.
Ryu: that's great yeah let's just keep in touch via text and I have zero plans for on the on Sunday so.
Ryu: Perfect keep in touch right talks.
Tim Sackton: Great okay.
Ryu: That was awesome man that was really, really cool.
Tim Sackton: yeah we're gonna do another yeah I like I like writing that mystery that was fun.
Ryu: yeah that's great, but you know the state, it is a great setting and you know, so this is very, very yeah it's a fun little fun little microcosm over here so.
Tim Sackton: I night.
Ryu: yeah have a good night bye bye.